---
number: 116
date: 2017-10-31
topic: Cyanosleuth
speakers:
  - "[[Jill Crumb]]"
  - "[[Sylvie Spraakman]]"
venue: "[[Lighthouse Labs]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/243663486
via: in-person
booker: alexaca
tags:
  - type/meetup
  - topic/water
image: hacknight_116.jpg
title: "Hacknight #116 – Cyanosleuth"
redirect_from:
  - /2017/10/31/hacknight-116-with-jill-crumb-and-sylvie-spraakman/
  - /hacknights/116/
youtubeID: x9_zRhNrco0
---

Presenter: Jill Crumb and Sylvie Spraakman from Cyanosleuth

“Blue Drinks Toronto and Civic Tech Toronto (http://civictech.ca/) are teaming up to share ideas as part of Ontario Water Innovation Week (https://www.waterinnovationweek.com/).”

Jill Crumb is an ecologist and cyanobacteria consultant. She is currently providing consulting services to the water industry as owner of TreeFrog Environmental.

Sylvie Spraakman is an engineer, community activist, and water lover. She is currently working on her PhD at the University of Toronto.

Lake Erie currently experiences regular cyanobacteria blooms, and citizens don't know whether or not these blooms are toxic. Jill Crumb and Sylvie Spraakman will be discussing Cyanosleuth, a mobile device app with a hardware component that will provide swimmers, fisherman and scientists with rapid, site-specific information on nutrients, algae and cyanobacteria, and cyanotoxins all in the palm of their hand. They have developed this app as part of the AqauHacking 2017 Challenge. This year’s AquaHacking Challenge brought together experts, hackers, and other creative minds to form a team and work for 10 weeks to develop functional, marketable innovations to help solve Lake Erie’s water issues.

“Blue Drinks Toronto is an ongoing water sector event that features dynamic speakers, great people, and an opportunity to meet other water professionals.”

---

https://secure.meetupstatic.com/photos/event/5/e/d/a/600_464904282.jpeg

Lighthouse Labs (http://lighthouselabs.ca/?utm_source=meetup&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=CivicTechTO) will take you from coding hobbyist to professional developer in 8 weeks. With the support of a brilliant team of instructors and mentors who view coding as the ultimate craft, you’ll join the ranks of over 500 developers in the Lighthouse Labs community. Our industry driven curriculum and rigorous education standards have created the ultimate result for our graduates: over 96% employment rate. Want to get started today? Learn the basics of building + styling your own web pages and applications with our free online courses in HTML, CSS, JavaScript & iOS Development! Get Started Here (http://bit.ly/LTCResource-Meetup-CivicTech)

---

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

Venue is not fully accessible. There is an elevator from the second floor (open the door to your right on the landing). There are stairs from the street into building and then up to the second floor.

For more info, visit civictech.ca. Here's our Code of Conduct: civictech.ca/about-us
