---
number: 129
date: 2018-02-13
topic: 100% Hacknight
venue: "[[Rangle.io Office]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/247465869
via: in-person
booker: alexaca
tags:
  - type/meetup
image: hacknight_129.jpg
title: "Meetup #129 – 100% Hacknight"
redirect_from:
  - /2018/02/13/hacknight-129-with-project-night/
  - /hacknights/129/
---

Project night. No speaker. Just project work!

\*\*\* THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

_Rangle.io_

Rangle is a leading global digital transformation consultancy that specializes in JavaScript development services and solutions. From innovative startups to leading enterprises, Rangle’s unparalleled expertise with the Angular and React frameworks has enabled countless clients to create modern mobile and web applications that lead within their industries.

Check-in details: The elevator will be locked off at 7 pm. Everyone attending will need to sign in at reception.

If you're locked out, send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: The venue is accessible.

\*\*\* ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!
