---
number: 136
date: 2018-04-03
topic: Civic Hall Toronto
description: "Shea Sinnott, Program Manager at Code for Canada, will introduce a brand-new program: Civic Hall Toronto. Inspired by Civic Hall NYC and set to launch in May, Civic Hall Toronto aims to create a hub for civic innovation in the city. Operated by Code for Canada and in partnership with the City of Toronto and the Centre for Social Innovation, Civic Hall Toronto will enable government innovators, entrepreneurs and civic technologists to share, learn and build solutions together."
speakers:
  - "[[Shea Sinnott]]"
venue: "[[Secret Location]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/248709245
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: hacknight_136.jpg
title: "Hacknight #136 – Civic Hall Toronto"
redirect_from:
  - /2018/04/07/hacknight-136-with-shea-sinott/
  - /hacknights/136/
youtubeID: 0brHtIOlQPE
---

Presenter: Presenter: Shea Sinnott – Program Manager, Civic Hall Toronto – from Code for Canada

Topic: Introducing Civic Hall Toronto

Shea Sinnott, Program Manager at Code for Canada, will introduce a brand-new program: Civic Hall Toronto. Inspired by Civic Hall NYC and set to launch in May, Civic Hall Toronto aims to create a hub for civic innovation in the city. Operated by Code for Canada and in partnership with the City of Toronto and the Centre for Social Innovation, Civic Hall Toronto will enable government innovators, entrepreneurs and civic technologists to share, learn and build solutions together.

Come out to get a sneak peek into Civic Hall Toronto!

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@SheaSinnott @CivicToronto @code4ca @csiTO \#CityofTO

*** BIOGRAPHIES:

Shea Sinnott is an experienced project manager and organizer with a background in social and environmental justice working with organizations like OpenMedia, Leadnow, Next Up, and the David Suzuki Foundation. Shea holds an MEd in Education and Community Development, and is passionate about bringing people and organizations together, across sectors and issues, to work for a better world (for all of us).

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Secret Location

The Emmy award-winning Secret Location combines cutting-edge technology with traditional storytelling to create powerful experiences for the web, mobile, tablet, and new platforms like Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR).

https://secretlocation.com

Check-in details: No sign-in necessary. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: The venue is fully accessible (washrooms included).

*** ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!