---
number: 140
date: 2018-05-01
topic: Cities as Open Collectives
speakers:
  - "[[Pia Mancini]]"
venue: "[[Mozilla Community Space]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/249119638
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/meetup
  - topic/funding
  - topic/open-source
description: |-
  ‘We need to define a new social and economic unit to enable us to fully operate in this world.’
  Pia will be visiting from NYC to speak on Open Collective, the online platform that she co-founded to help ad-hoc groups of people transparently collect and spend money together. This ground-breaking tool is helping people transform how their communities build things together -- be that code, art, culture, businesses, or things as yet to be imagined.
  This talk will be of particular interest to folks interested in how funding fits into new spaces and ways of working together, from both the giving and receiving ends.
title: "Hacknight #140 – Cities as Open Collectives"
youtubeID: IKe7RXpKdI8
redirect_from:
  - /2018/05/01/hacknight-140-open-collective-with-pia-mancini/
  - /hacknights/140/
---

Presenter: Pia Mancini, Open Collective

Topic: Cities as Open Collectives

"We need to define a new social and economic unit to enable us to fully operate in this world."

Pia will be visiting from NYC to speak on Open Collective, the online platform that she co-founded to help ad-hoc groups of people transparently collect and spend money together. This ground-breaking tool is helping people transform how their communities build things together -- be that code, art, culture, businesses, or things as yet to be imagined.

This talk will be of particular interest to folks interested in how funding fits into new spaces and ways of working together, from both the giving and receiving ends.

\*\*\* LIVESTREAM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKe7RXpKdI8

\*\*\* SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@opencollect @piamancini

\*\*\* BIOGRAPHY:

Pia Mancini is a TED speaker, democracy activist, open source sustainer, co-founder at Open Collective and Chair of DemocracyEarth Foundation. She worked in politics in Argentina and developed technology for democracy around the world. YC Alum, globe-trotter and Roma's mum. She is now based in NYC.

Pia is driven by a deep belief that we are 21st century citizens doing our very best to interact with 19th century designed institutions built with an information technology of the 15th century. She is convinced that it is up to us to design the political and economic systems for the internet generation.

http://piamancini.com/

\*\*\* THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Mozilla Toronto

Mozilla's mission is to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. An Internet that truly puts people first, where individuals can shape their own experience and are empowered, safe and independent.

Check-in details: Door will be locked after 7, so please arrive prior. RSVP and sign-in required. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: The venue is accessible, but unfortunately it's not a spectacular experience. Guests who rely on mobility assistance will need to come in through the rear entrance - somebody will need to get the door for them - but can get from there to the front elevator without issue. (Please text the doorbell number above for assistance.)

\*\*\* ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!
