---
number: 141
date: 2018-05-08
topic: " Building Old Toronto: An open-source, open-data map tool to help locals discover Toronto's past"
description: |-
  OldTO is an open source project that showcases Toronto's history through photographs and aerial imagery from the Toronto Archives. I'll walk through the Archives collection, how we located the photos on the map and what the future holds for the project. We strongly believe that technology can help us connect with the past, and we're excited to collaborate with the Civic Tech community on the project.
  https://oldto.sidewalklabs.com/
speakers:
  - "[[Dan Vanderkam]]"
venue: "[[Mozilla Community Space]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/249119646
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/meetup
  - topic/open-source
  - topic/open-data
  - topic/maps
title: "Hacknight #141 –  Building Old Toronto: An open-source, open-data map tool to help locals discover Toronto's past"
redirect_from:
  - /2018/05/08/hacknight-141-building-old-toronto-an-open-source-open-data-map-tool-to-help-locals-discover-torontos-past-with-dan-vanderkam/
  - /hacknights/141/
youtubeID: 8yJI_POV-5Y
---

Presenter: Dan Vanderkam, Sidewalk Labs

Topic: Building Old Toronto: An open-source, open-data map tool to help locals discover Toronto's past

OldTO is an open source project that showcases Toronto's history through photographs and aerial imagery from the Toronto Archives. I'll walk through the Archives collection, how we located the photos on the map and what the future holds for the project. We strongly believe that technology can help us connect with the past, and we're excited to collaborate with the Civic Tech community on the project.

https://oldto.sidewalklabs.com/

\*\*\* SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@danvdk @sidewalklabs @sidewalktoronto @TorontoArchives

\*\*\* BIOGRAPHIES:

Dan is Senior Software Engineer at Sidewalk Labs, formerly at Mt. Sinai and Google (search for "population canada"). He has a long history of building open source projects, particularly around visualizations and history. Before building OldTO, he built similar historical photo sites for San Francisco (OldSF) and NYC (OldNYC).

https://sidewalklabs.com/team/

\*\*\* THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Mozilla Toronto

Mozilla's mission is to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. An Internet that truly puts people first, where individuals can shape their own experience and are empowered, safe and independent.

Check-in details: Door will be locked after 7, so please arrive prior. RSVP and sign-in required. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: The venue is accessible, but unfortunately it's not a spectacular experience. Guests who rely on mobility assistance will need to come in through the rear entrance - somebody will need to get the door for them - but can get from there to the front elevator without issue. (Please text the doorbell number above for assistance.)

\*\*\* ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!
