---
number: 143
date: 2018-05-22
topic: Civic Hackers Uprising, g0v.tw
speakers:
  - "[[ttcat]]"
venue: "[[Massey College]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/249119648
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/meetup
description: |-
  Start from 2012, the g0v.tw (gov-zero Taiwan) civic hacking community grew to 1000+ contributors within 18 months, with a mix of 40% developer, 10% designer, 20% activists/people from government and 30% other specialist. Taiwan also topped the OKFN Open Data Index in 2015 and 2016 as the vibrant communities pushed for open government data, but more importantly the Open-Definition-compliant Open Government Data License was enacted, which was also drafted in the community.
  With a decentralized and inclusive culture, the g0v community encourages projects to be open source and autonomous, as well as collaborating with activists and NGOS online and offline.
  By changing government website urls from gov to g0v, citizens might found related certain administrations' open datasets or civic tech projects, or the instructions for build up their own. This talk will present the highlighted achievement in past 5 years and the best practice about how to build up a civic tech community from the internet ground, and amplify the community’s impacts with openness, crowdsourcing civic tech tools.
title: "Hacknight #143 – Civic Hackers Uprising, g0v.tw"
redirect_from:
  - /2018/05/22/hacknight-143-civic-hackers-uprising-g0v-tw-with-ttcat/
  - /hacknights/143/
youtubeID: F4ihg6VpqAE
---

Presenter: Wu, Min Hsuan (ttcat), Deputy CEO of Open Culture Foundation

Topic: Civic Hackers Uprising

Start from 2012, the g0v.tw (gov-zero Taiwan) civic hacking community grew to 1000+ contributors within 18 months, with a mix of 40% developer, 10% designer, 20% activists/people from government and 30% other specialist. Taiwan also topped the OKFN Open Data Index in 2015 and 2016 as the vibrant communities pushed for open government data, but more importantly the Open-Definition-compliant Open Government Data License was enacted, which was also drafted in the community.

With a decentralized and inclusive culture, the g0v community encourages projects to be open source and autonomous, as well as collaborating with activists and NGOS online and offline.

By changing government website urls from gov to g0v, citizens might found related certain administrations' open datasets or civic tech projects, or the instructions for build up their own. This talk will present the highlighted achievement in past 5 years and the best practice about how to build up a civic tech community from the internet ground, and amplify the community’s impacts with openness, crowdsourcing civic tech tools.

\*\*\* SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@ttcatz @g0vtw @ocftw

\*\*\* BIOGRAPHIES:

ttcat is an activist/campaigner of a number of social movements in Taiwan start from 2004, including the anti-nuclear, environmental, LGBT, Human Rights movement and green politic. He has expertise in creative planning, as well as communication and design programming. He has provided the g0v community with perspectives from civil society and horizontal links. Min-hsuan is responsible for the Open Culture Foundation’s International Networking Program with g0v.tw, civic tech community in Taiwan.

\*\*\* THIS WEEK'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Massey College

https://www.masseycollege.ca/

Massey College is a graduate students’ residential community affiliated with, but independent from, the University of Toronto. It provides a unique, congenial and intellectual environment for graduate students of distinguished ability in all disciplines to share in a rich and stimulating community.

Check-in details: Enter and check-in at the porter’s gate. We'll be in the Upper Library. Breakout groups will also be in Junior Common Room. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: Main spaces are accessible. Accessible washrooms in basement (via old elevator with key).

\*\*\* ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!
