---
number: 174
date: 2019-01-08
topic: Innovative Gov Tech & Process
speakers:
  - "[[Christopher Humphries]]"
venue: "[[Canadiana Gallery, University of Toronto]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/256087849
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/meetup
title: "Meetup #174 – Innovative Gov Tech & Process"
redirect_from:
  - /2019/01/08/hacknight-174-innovative-gov-tech-process-with-christopher-humphries/
  - /hacknights/174/
---

Topic: Innovative technologies and processes in the Ontario Public Service

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

- Presenter:

Christopher Humphries, former Senior Policy Advisor to the President of the Ontario Treasury Board

- Biography:

Prior to the June 2018 provincial election Christopher advised the President of the Ontario Treasury Board Secretariat on all IT related matters, including IT strategy, procurement, implementation, governance, and the Ontario Digital Service. Christopher has also held private sector project and project management roles and worked closely with senior executives at CGI - Canada to develop and implement corporate strategy.

- Venue Sponsor:

Our January hacknights are being sponsored by two groups from the University of Toronto!
The Urban Policy Lab and Policy Innovation Initiative are collaborating to host us at the Canadiana Gallery.

- Check-in details:

To be announced. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

- Accessibility:

The main hacknight space is accessible and an accessible washroom is available.
Some of the breakout spaces used by projects may be more difficult to access.

- About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

- Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!
