---
number: 184
date: 2019-03-26
topic: Financial Inclusion
description: This evening's talk will focus on the ‘unbanked’ and financial inclusion, with a particular focus on Toronto.
speakers:
  - "[[Mallory Greene]]"
venue: "[[Wealthsimple Offices]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/258779932
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/meetup
title: "Meetup #184 – Financial Inclusion"
redirect_from:
  - /2019/03/26/hacknight-184-financial-inclusion-with-mallory-greene/
  - /hacknights/184/
youtubeID: 39mybVSNMAI
---

This evening's talk will focus on the "unbanked" and financial inclusion, with a particular focus on Toronto.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

- Presenter:

Mallory Greene, Head of Corporate Social Responsibility, Wealthsimple

- Social Media Cheat Codes:

@malloryjgreene @Wealthsimple https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

- Biographies:

Mallory Greene is the Head of Corporate Social Responsibility at Wealthsimple. As one of the company's earliest employees, she's held various roles as the company has grown and evolved, including roles in marketing, recruiting, HR, events, and public relations. She's led the development and launches of several company-wide programs and initiatives, most notably the launch of Wealthsimple's diversity and inclusion project.

As Head of Corporate Social Responsibility, Mallory is dedicated to advancing Wealthsimple's mission to make great financial services available to everyone — no matter who they are or how much they have. She's passionate about creating a lasting positive impact on the communities in which we live and work.

- Venue Sponsor:

This week's food & venue sponsor is Wealthsimple! https://wealthsimple.com

Wealthsimple's mission is to bring smarter financial services to everybody, regardless of age or net worth.

- Check-in details:

No sign-in. Doors will be open until 8pm.

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

- Accessibility:

For access to elevator, please enter through 862 Richmond St W (left side of the building) and follow signage. Two accessible bathrooms on 3rd floor.

- About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

- Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

\*\*
