---
number: 243
date: 2020-05-26
topic: 10 Tips to Run Inclusive Usability Testing Remotely
description: Usability testing doesn't have to stop during the COVID-19 crisis; in fact, as some development cycles slow, it may be an opportune time to do user interviews, test prototypes, and collect feedback on betas. More importantly, testing can serve a critical role in ensuring that crisis-related technology works for everyone. Having successfully pivoted to conducting usability tests remotely, GRIT Toronto Manager Marisa Bernstein will share tips and insights for getting the most out of testing from afar.
speakers:
  - "[[Marisa Bernstein]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/270324462
via: online
booker: sarah, skaidrap
tags:
  - type/meetup
image: hacknight_243.jpg
title: "Meetup #243 – 10 Tips to Run Inclusive Usability Testing Remotely"
redirect_from:
  - /2020/05/26/hacknight-243-10-tips-to-run-inclusive-usability-testing-remotely-with-marisa-bernstein/
  - /hacknights/243/
notes: online-only
---

Topic:

Usability testing doesn't have to stop during the COVID-19 crisis; in fact, as some development cycles slow, it may be an opportune time to do user interviews, test prototypes, and collect feedback on betas. More importantly, testing can serve a critical role in ensuring that crisis-related technology works for everyone. Having successfully pivoted to conducting usability tests remotely, GRIT Toronto Manager Marisa Bernstein will share tips and insights for getting the most out of testing from afar.

- Bio:

Marisa is the Program Manager of two Code for Canada programs: Civic Hall Toronto and GRIT Toronto, where she works closely with government teams and tech and design practitioners to help make technology work better for residents. With a background in urban design and community engagement, she previously co-founded a civic tech company that created digital tools to help communities become better engaged in the urban improvement process.

- Social Media Cheat Codes:

Twitter: @CivicTechTo
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/civic-tech-totonto
Instagram: @CivicTechTo

- Venue Sponsor:

Join us this week from the comfort of your own home, or wherever you are practicing social isolation, for a virtual civic tech hacknight!

- Check-in details:

Join us via Zoom: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/85847811289?pwd=THhwOEQvTlh5R3QvbWxha25xTWdGUT09
Webcams and mics optional, but encouraged!

Join via your browser: https://us02web.zoom.us/wc/join/85847811289?pwd=THhwOEQvTlh5R3QvbWxha25xTWdGUT09

Dial-in by phone in Canada:
+1 647 558 0588
Meeting ID: 858 4781 1289
Password: 008446

Check in with us on the Civic Tech Toronto Slack: https://link.civictech.ca/chat

- Accessibility:

We're exploring ways to make our online hacknights more accessible, but at the moment we only provide video of the presentation slides and audio.

- About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

- Agenda:

6:45-7:00 = Civic Tech 101
7:00-7:10 = Welcome and Introductions
7:10-7:45 = Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:45-9:00 = Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!
