---
number: 250
date: 2020-07-14
topic: Ryerson Radio - Civic Influence
description: CJRU 1280AM is Ryerson University's campus and community radio station. Dedicated to diverse and eclectic sounds and voices, CJRU mainly features Canadian and local artists as well as citizen journalism. Our focus for this talk is The Scope Music Library managed by key influencer Music Coordinator Gabbie Clarke and evaluated by Program Host Kejo Buchanan. We will be exploring current music initiatives and tools such as Airtable, so bring your curious mind and input.
speakers:
  - "[[Kejo Buchanan]]"
  - "[[Gabbie Clarke]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/271357150
via: online
booker: Sarah
tags:
  - type/meetup
image: hacknight_250.jpg
title: "Hacknight #250 – Ryerson Radio - Civic Influence"
youtubeID: ANU-7dRtrjs
redirect_from:
  - /2020/07/14/hacknight-250-ryerson-radio-civic-influence-with-kejo-buchanan-gabbie-clarke/
  - /hacknights/250/
notes: online-only
---

Topic:

CJRU 1280AM is Ryerson University's campus and community radio station. Dedicated to diverse and eclectic sounds and voices, CJRU mainly features Canadian and local artists as well as citizen journalism. Our focus for this talk is The Scope Music Library managed by key influencer Music Coordinator Gabbie Clarke and evaluated by Program Host Kejo Buchanan. We will be exploring current music initiatives and tools such as Airtable, so bring your curious mind and input.

@CJRU 1280AM

- Bios:

Kejo Buchanan is an information professional, community radio host and online library science master's student. With over 6 years experience in non-profit database management and community outreach. Currently hosting Jali Journey, an acoustic folk program with CJRU 1280AM and learning broadcasting communications while discovering and sharing local and international talent. Using this influential skill with continued data and library learning to achieve both data librarianship and creative goals.

T @kejobuchanan
IG @kejobuchanan
LI https://www.linkedin.com/in/kejobuchanan/

Gabbie Clarke is the music coordinator for CJRU1280am in Toronto and also entering her 4th year at Ryerson studying Media Production. Born in Jamaica but raised in Mississauga, she is motivated to connect people and amplify voices in the community through various platforms of music, film and radio. Her experience in audio and film, led her to win Best Documentary Award at Ryerson and collaborated on special projects like School Night Toronto, MT.JOY and music videos with Kieza and Sean Leon

Twitter - @GabbieGibbs
Instagram - @gabbie.aif
Linked In - Gabrielle Clarke
