---
number: 292
date: 2021-05-18
topic: A framework for trustworthy AI use in Ontario
speakers:
  - "[[Amy Bihari]]"
  - "[[Cara Scarfone]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/277426947
via: online
booker: Jennifer
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/artificial-intelligence
  - topic/open-government
description: |-
  On behalf of the Ontario Digital Service, Treasury Board Secretariat, we are pleased to share that Ontario has opened consultations to inform a Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence (AI) framework that will close in one month, on June 4th.
  Your feedback to identify key actions is an integral part of co-creating a plan that will benefit people across Ontario. The public development of this AI framework and its resulting actions will also form Ontario's 2021-2022 Open Government Partnership Action Plan.
image: hacknight_292.jpg
title: "Hacknight #292 – A framework for trustworthy AI use in Ontario"
youtubeID: mPz3qZrYcdE
redirect_from:
  - /2021/05/18/hacknight-292-a-framework-for-trustworthy-ai-use-in-ontario-with-amy-bihari-cara-scarfone/
  - /hacknights/292/
notes: online-only
---
Topic:
On behalf of the Ontario Digital Service, Treasury Board Secretariat, we are pleased to share that Ontario has opened consultations to inform a Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence (AI) framework that will close in one month, on June 4th.

Your feedback to identify key actions is an integral part of co-creating a plan that will benefit people across Ontario. The public development of this AI framework and its resulting actions will also form Ontario's 2021-2022 Open Government Partnership Action Plan.

Speakers:
Amy Bihari is a passionate civil servant dedicated to building a kinder government. Her unrelenting optimism and enthusiasm, inspires people to take bold steps, make unexpected connections and consider new perspectives. Currently, she works to update the policy landscape in Ontario to reflect the digital and data rights and protections of people, communities, and ecosystems. Her files focus on government use of data, automation, and algorithms. Her teams in Ontario's Digital Services are responsible for opening government data and creating trustworthy AI - both critical to safely navigating complex challenges like today's pandemic and systemic equity issues. A data romantic seeing the potential in every data file and team, she helps examine past limitations within current contexts to foster organizational change. Amy lives in Guelph, Ontario and spends far too much of her free time playing video games.

Cara thrives on collaboration and partnerships. The main word used to describe her is "enthusiastic" and she brings this enthusiasm to her work in open data and open government. Current files involve AI and the Open Government Partnership action plan, user research, and open data. She lives in Toronto with her many plants and enjoys old books and confetti cannons, but not at the same time.
