---
number: 120
date: 2017-11-28
topic: Driftscape with Chloe Doesburg & Dan Pronovost
description: "[Driftscape](http://www.driftscape.com/) is an app that transforms your city into a living museum. You can learn about where you are, on your own schedule, from diverse local experts. Our presentation will discuss the Driftscape platform which enables local organizations to share site-specific arts, culture and history content. We believe that creating a platform where diverse stories can be shared will inspire a greater understanding of the spaces we inhabit and the people we share them with."
speakers:
  - "[[Chloe Doesburg]]"
  - "[[Dan Pronovost]]"
venue: "[[Gardiner Roberts Offices]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/244699669
via: in-person
booker: alexaca
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Presenter: Chloe Doesburg and Dan Pronovost

Driftscape (http://www.driftscape.com/) is an app that transforms your city into a living museum. You can learn about where you are, on your own schedule, from diverse local experts. Our presentation will discuss the Driftscape platform which enables local organizations to share site-specific arts, culture and history content. We believe that creating a platform where diverse stories can be shared will inspire a greater understanding of the spaces we inhabit and the people we share them with.

***
Hosts: Gardiner Roberts

***

Notice: We have an attendance limit this month!
Our venue sponsor this month can only accommodate a maximum of 65 people.

That means that - unfortunately - some people may get turned away at the door.

Until 6:20, we will only be admitting people who have RSVP'd on Meetup.com (unless we hit the attendance limit before that).

If there is still room at 6:20, anyone who hasn't RSVP'd can get in until we hit the attendance limit.

Also, please note that you will be asked to sign in on your arrival.

Don't forget - there's always a live stream of the presentation, and you can collaborate with other CivicTech members on our Slack channel!

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

Venue is not fully accessible. There is an elevator from the second floor (open the door to your right on the landing). There are stairs from the street into building and then up to the second floor. For more info, visit civictech.ca. Here's our Code of Conduct: civictech.ca/about-us