---
number: 133
date: 2018-03-13
topic: NXT City Prize winners Lucas DeClavasio, Monica Low & Andrew Patterson
description: |-
  Principals of Wysp Creative discuss winning the NXT City Prize two years in a row and explore how the 2017 winner of the Civic Tech category can improve the City of Toronto, as long as the right people are working on it.

  Wysp Creative works with many local and international businesses – large and small – in a variety of industries, offering branding, design, print, and content creation services. We’ve also developed and spearheaded award-winning public space initiatives and proposals to improve the relationship Torontonians have with their city.
speakers:
  - "[[Lucas DeClavasio]]"
venue: "[[TWG]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/247978060
via: in-person
booker: alexaca
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Presenters: Lucas Declavasio, Monica Low & Andrew Patterson of Wysp Creative

http://www.wysp.ca/

Presenting: Principals of Wysp Creative discuss winning the NXT City Prize two years in a row and explore how the 2017 winner of the Civic Tech category can improve the City of Toronto, as long as the right people are working on it.

Wysp Creative works with many local and international businesses – large and small – in a variety of industries, offering branding, design, print, and content creation services. We’ve also developed and spearheaded award-winning public space initiatives and proposals to improve the relationship Torontonians have with their city.

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@WyspSocial @Ldeclavasio @visiblynoisy @nxtcityprize \#NXTCity

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

TWG

TWG's mission is to help build the most innovative enterprises and startups in the world, and believe software is the most powerful way to do that.

https://twg.io/

Check-in details: Elevators will be looked. If someone is not present to take you up, then please send a message to "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Attendees are requested to sign-in.

Accessibility: The venue is fully accessible.

*** ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!