---
number: 137
date: 2018-04-10
topic: Julie Mathews
speakers:
  - "[[Julie Mathews]]"
venue: "[[Secret Location]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/249041366
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: |-
  Community Legal Education Ontario (CLEO) provides clear, accurate, and practical legal rights education and information to help people in Ontario understand and exercise their legal rights. They carry out training and research to support other clinics, community groups, and justice sector partners in their public legal education work.

  Led by CLEO, Steps to Justice is a collaborative project of justice sector organizations. It gives comprehensive online information on common legal problems that people experience in family, housing, employment and other areas of law. https://stepstojustice.ca/
image: "[[hacknight_137.jpg]]"
---

Presenter: Julie Mathews, Executive Director of Community Legal Education Ontario (CLEO)

Community Legal Education Ontario (CLEO) provides clear, accurate, and practical legal rights education and information to help people in Ontario understand and exercise their legal rights. They carry out training and research to support other clinics, community groups, and justice sector partners in their public legal education work.

Led by CLEO, Steps to Justice is a collaborative project of justice sector organizations. It gives comprehensive online information on common legal problems that people experience in family, housing, employment and other areas of law.

https://stepstojustice.ca/

Details to be announced.

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@CLEO_jmathews @CLEOLegalRights @TAGactiongroup @lawfoundationON @LawSocietyLSO ONJustice A2J

*** BIOGRAPHIES:

To be announced.

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Secret Location

The Emmy award-winning Secret Location combines cutting-edge technology with traditional storytelling to create powerful experiences for the web, mobile, tablet, and new platforms like Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR).

https://secretlocation.com

Check-in details: No sign-in necessary. South service elevator is unlocked for us. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: The venue is fully accessible (washrooms included).

*** ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!