---
number: 150
date: 2018-07-10
topic: Library Digital Privacy Project with Jonathon Hodge
speakers:
  - "[[Jonathan Hodge]]"
venue: "[[Sidewalk Labs]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/251015319
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: |-
  Everyone - hackers, coders, policy wonks, soccer mums, Jane or Jamal Q Public - we all have questions about our online privacy. Come hear what TPL is doing to help Torontonians find their way in this perilous landscape called the Internet.

  Jonathan will also be making a special announcement about a new collaboration at the library!

  BONUS: This will be Civic Tech Toronto's 3rd BIRTHDAY! Come celebrate with us and have some cake.
---

Presenter: Jonathon Hodge, Digital Privacy Project Lead at Toronto Public Library (TPL)

Everyone - hackers, coders, policy wonks, soccer mums, Jane or Jamal Q Public - we all have questions about our online privacy. Come hear what TPL is doing to help Torontonians find their way in this perilous landscape called the Internet.

Jonathan will also be making a special announcement about a new collaboration at the library!

BONUS: This will be Civic Tech Toronto's 3rd BIRTHDAY! Come celebrate with us and have some cake.

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@torontolibrary

*** BIOGRAPHIES:

Jonathon is a department head at TPL's North York Central Library and has enjoyed the good fortune of being TPL's Digital Privacy Project Lead for most of the last 2 years. This project aims to do what a public library does best: inform, agitate, and ultimately empower users and communities.﻿

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Sidewalk Labs

https://sidewalktoronto.ca/

Sidewalk Labs is an Alphabet company that imagines, designs, tests, and builds urban innovations to help cities meet their biggest challenges. They are designing a district in Toronto’s Eastern Waterfront to tackle the challenges of urban growth, working in partnership with the tri-government agency Waterfront Toronto and the local community. This joint effort, called Sidewalk Toronto, aims to make Toronto the global hub for urban innovation.

Check-in details: To be announced. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: To be announced

*** ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!