---
number: 186
date: 2019-04-09
topic: "Snapshots Report: A Profile of Newcomer Youth and their Civic & Political (Dis)Engagement in Toronto with Ninar Fawal & Andrea Fernández"
description: The Newcomer Working Group at the Toronto Youth Cabinet is dedicated to developing initiatives that will ensure the integration, civic engagement, and overall success of newcomer youth in the city of Toronto, including refugee youth, undocumented youth, and international students. The Working Group recently released the Snapshots report. This presentation will highlight the findings of the report, and discuss the barriers newcomer youth experience when it comes to education, transit, civic engagement and accessing community services in Toronto.
speakers:
  - "[[Ninar Fawal]]"
  - "[[Andrea Fernandez]]"
venue: "[[Rangle.io Office]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/259535916
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---
Topic: Snapshots Report: A Profile of Newcomer Youth and their Civic & Political (Dis)Engagement in Toronto

The Newcomer Working Group at the Toronto Youth Cabinet is dedicated to developing initiatives that will ensure the integration, civic engagement, and overall success of newcomer youth in the city of Toronto, including refugee youth, undocumented youth, and international students. The Working Group recently released the Snapshots report. This presentation will highlight the findings of the report, and discuss the barriers newcomer youth experience when it comes to education, transit, civic engagement and accessing community services in Toronto.

https://link.civictech.ca/newcomer-youth-report

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Ninar Fawal (Newcomer Lead) & Andrea Fernández (Director of Policy & Advocacy), Toronto Youth Cabinet

+ Social media cheat codes:

@ninarfawal @andrea__fer @TOYouthCabinet

Biographies:

Ninar is a second-year student attending the University of Toronto, studying political science and international relations. She is passionate about political engagement, human rights, and democracy, and hopes that her community work makes a positive impact in those fields as well as others. She has long been passionate about newcomer issues, and volunteers with the Daughters for Life Foundation, which aims to sponsor the education of women in the Middle East, and has volunteered with other grass-roots charities to help with the resettlement of Syrian newcomers. She is fluent in English and Arabic, with a working knowledge of French.

Andrea was born in Venezuela but now calls Toronto her home. She is a recent Master’s of Public Administration graduate from Queen’s University and works as a Policy Analyst at the Ontario Cabinet Office. From a young age, Andrea has been passionate about advancing equity and inclusion in her community. In her position with TYC,Andrea seeks to apply her experience in policy development to lead policy engagement initiatives for the TYC and to recommend positions to the membership.

Venue sponsor:

Thanks so much to Rangle, this month's food and venue sponsor!

Rangle is more than a groundbreaking team of JavaScript experts, they’re your partners in innovation. https://rangle.io/