---
number: 188
date: 2019-04-23
topic: The Girls First Program Platform with Louise Kent & Paula Sanderson
description: Girl Guides of Canada has made their girl program content available on a new, digital program platform. This Drupal-based CMS was customized to become a tool to enable a girl-driven experience. Girls and their parents get a snapshot of what is coming up in future meetings, what badges have been earned, and to favourite the things that matter to them. Guiders (volunteers) can use it as a one-stop-shop for the best available activities to enable a consistent, high quality girl experience. The Girls First Program Platform was developed through cross country consultations in an agile approach to ensure it delivered on volunteer and girl needs and kept GGC relevant to the needs of the 21st century girl.
speakers:
  - "[[Louise Kent]]"
  - "[[Paula Sanderson]]"
venue: "[[Rangle.io Office]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/260072055
via: in-person
booker: kate, em
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Topic: The Girls First Program Platform

Girl Guides of Canada has made their girl program content available on a new, digital program platform. This Drupal-based CMS was customized to become a tool to enable a girl-driven experience. Girls and their parents get a snapshot of what is coming up in future meetings, what badges have been earned, and to favourite the things that matter to them. Guiders (volunteers) can use it as a one-stop-shop for the best available activities to enable a consistent, high quality girl experience. The Girls First Program Platform was developed through cross country consultations in an agile approach to ensure it delivered on volunteer and girl needs and kept GGC relevant to the needs of the 21st century girl.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Louise Kent (Director, Member Experience) & Paula Sanderson (Volunteer Guider), Girl Guides of Canada

+ Social media cheat codes:

@louise_kent @paula_sand @girlguidesofcan 


+ Biographies:

To be announced.

+ Venue sponsor:

Thanks so much to Rangle, this month's food and venue sponsor!

Rangle is more than a groundbreaking team of JavaScript experts, they’re your partners in innovation. https://rangle.io/
