---
number: 203
date: 2019-08-06
topic: ASL19 with Fereidoon Bashar & Farhad Souzanchi
description: |-
  Members of ASL19 will give a short intro about the organization and their work in civic tech, followed by short presentations of a few of their projects.

  ASL19, is a Toronto-based multidisciplinary research and technology group that helps Iranians assert their fundamental rights to freedom of expression and access to information. Some of its projects include FactNameh, Iran’s first political fact-checking initiative, Iran Budget an interactive budget monitoring website and Majlis Nameh, a platform that allows Iranians write public letters to their MPs. https://asl19.org/en/
speakers:
  - "[[Fereidoon Bashar]]"
  - "[[Farhad Souzanchi]]"
venue: "[[PagerDuty, Inc.]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/262402095
via: in-person
booker: Gabe
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Members of ASL19 will give a short intro about the organization and their work in civic tech, followed by short presentations of a few of their projects.

Note: There will be NO LIVESTREAM of tonight's presentation.

https://asl19.org/en/

ASL19, is a Toronto-based multidisciplinary research and technology group that helps Iranians assert their fundamental rights to freedom of expression and access to information. Some of its projects include FactNameh, Iran’s first political fact-checking initiative, Iran Budget an interactive budget monitoring website and Majlis Nameh, a platform that allows Iranians write public letters to their MPs.

Come help us chip away at civic challenges! We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to contribute towards, and pizza (or other noms) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Fereidoon Bashar, Executive Director, ASL19
Farhad Souzanchi, Director of Research & Media, ASL19

+ Twitter cheat codes: (related handles & hashtags)

@FeriFilter @Farhadist @aslnoozdah @factnameh @iranbudgetorg
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

Fereidoon Bashar is the Executive Director of ASL19 and lead strategic partnerships and organizational development. Fereidoon is self-taught in technology with a background in Political Science.

Farhad Souzanchi is the Director of Research and Media at ASL19. Farhad leads the ASL19’s pioneering government accountability platforms. Before joining ASL19 in 2013, he spent eight years working as a journalist in Iran. In the past few years, his main focus has been on introducing fact-checking and data journalism to larger Iranian audiences.

+ Venue sponsor:

Our venue sponsor for this week is PagerDuty!
https://www.pagerduty.com/

+ Check-in details:
There will be a digital sign-in desk on the 7th floor. Please sign in before entering the space.

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649 (647-8122-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

The venue is physically accessible, with an elevator up to the 7th floor.
Physically accessible washrooms are also available.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

**