---
number: 210
date: 2019-09-24
topic: CNIB Connecting the Dots with Wayne Henshall
description: |-
  How can we open doors to new opportunities to talented individuals who are blind, partially sighted, and deaf/blind? 

  Tonight we welcome Wayne Henshall from the Canadian National Institute for the Blind Foundation. He will tell us more about his organization's work and their upcoming conference. 

  CNIB's Connecting the Dots conference takes place on October 29th and 30th and is the largest educational and professional development experience focused on technology, employment and literacy for people with sight loss.
speakers:
  - "[[Wayne Henshall]]"
venue: "[[PwC Experience Centre]]"
videoUrl:
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/264275451
via: in-person
booker: Kristen
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: "[[hacknight_210.jpeg]]"
---

Topic:

How can we open doors to new opportunities to talented individuals who are blind, partially sighted, and deaf/blind?

Tonight we welcome Wayne Henshall from the Canadian National Institute for the Blind Foundation. He will tell us more about his organization's work and their upcoming conference.

CNIB's Connecting the Dots conference takes place on October 29th and 30th and is the largest educational and professional development experience focused on technology, employment and literacy for people with sight loss.

https://cnib.ca/en/programs-and-services/work/career-and-employment/connecting-dots-conference-2019?region=on

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenter:

Wayne Henshall, Canadian National Institute for the Blind Foundation

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@CivicTechTO \#civictech
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

Wayne Henshall is the Manager of the Career Support Program and Impact Evaluation at the Canadian National Institute for the Blind (CNIB) Foundation.

The CNIB Foundation is a non-profit organization driven to change what it is to be blind today. They deliver innovative programs and powerful advocacy that empower people impacted by blindness to live their dreams and tear down barriers to inclusion.

+ Venue Sponsor:

Our venue sponsor for the month of September is the PwC Experience Centre!
https://www.pwc.com/ca/en/services/consulting/experience-center.html

+ Check-in details:

When you enter the PwC building you'll see a Civic Tech Toronto volunteer by the elevator who will let you up to the PwC Experience Centre on the 19th floor.

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

The venue is physically accessible, with an elevator up to the 19th floor.
Physically accessible washrooms are also available.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!