---
number: 223
date: 2020-01-07
topic: "IndieWeb: Empowering individuals through collective design"
speakers:
  - "[[Jack Jamieson]]"
venue: "[[Information School, University of Toronto]]"
videoUrl:
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/266705084
via: in-person
booker: Kristen
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: |-
  How can we work toward a future Internet that is egalitarian and empowering? 

  Jack Jamieson tackles this question in a presentation about the IndieWeb. http://indieweb.org/

  The IndieWeb is a community of individual websites, connected together as an alternative to corporate platforms. This talk will discuss IndieWeb's creators inscribe their values into a large heterogeneous system.
image: "[[hacknight_223.jpeg]]"
---

Topic:

How can we work toward a future Internet that is egalitarian and empowering?

Jack Jamieson tackles this question in a presentation about the
IndieWeb.

http://indieweb.org/

The IndieWeb is a community of individual websites, connected together as an alternative to corporate platforms. This talk will discuss IndieWeb's creators inscribe their values into a large heterogeneous system.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and 🍕pizza (or other food) to snack on! 💧Help us be more sustainable by bringing a reusable water bottle.

+ Presenter Biography:

Jack Jamieson is a PhD Candidate at the University of Toronto’s Faculty of Information. His research is concerned with values, labour, and interoperability in emerging Web technologies.

https://jackjamieson.net
twitter.com/jackjamieson


+ Venue Sponsor:

University of Toronto Faculty of Information

+ Check-in details:

This month we're at University of Toronto's St. George Campus in the Bissell Building.

It's located on 140 St. George Street (at Sussex Avenue), adjacent to Robarts Library. We're meeting on the 7th Floor (Room 728).

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649, and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

The main entrance on St. George Street has many steps. A wheelchair-accessible entrance is located around the corner from it on Sussex Avenue, on the northwest side of the building. Once you're in the building, take the elevator up to the 7th floor.

Washrooms are located on every floor and include a universal washroom on the 4th floor and a gender-neutral washroom on the 6th floor.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!