---
number: 228
date: 2020-02-11
topic: Building a Solidarity Economy by & for Workers
description: "Worker-led Social and Solidarity Economy: Putting Democracy into the Workplace. This will be all about worker co-operatives, including but not only in the technology space, and also cover the Canadian Worker Co-operative Federation. What is the present, and the potential?"
speakers:
  - "[[Hazel Corcoran]]"
venue: "[[Claude T. Bissell Building - Faculty of Information]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/267580286
via: in-person
booker: Patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/co-operatives
image: "[[hacknight_228.jpeg]]"
title: 'Hacknight #228 – Building a Solidarity Economy by & for Workers'
---

Topic: Worker Co-ops

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and 🍕pizza to snack on! 💧Help us be more sustainable by bringing a reusable water bottle.

+ Speakers

Worker-led Social and Solidarity Economy: Putting Democracy into the Workplace. This will be all about worker co-operatives, including but not only in the technology space, and also cover the Canadian Worker Co-operative Federation. What is the present, and the potential?

+ Presenter Biography:

Hazel is the ED of the Canadian Worker Co-operative Federation, a grassroots national organization of and for workplace democracy and a solidarity economy. Our focus is people & planet before profits!


+ Venue Sponsor:

University of Toronto Faculty of Information

+ Check-in details:

This month we're at University of Toronto's St. George Campus in the Bissell Building.

It's located on 140 St. George Street (at Sussex Avenue), adjacent to Robarts Library. We're meeting on the 7th Floor (Room 728).

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649, and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!