---
number: 251
date: 2020-07-21
topic: CTTO 5th Anniversary with Jennifer Hollett, Nasma Ahmed, Dilini Kurukula & Emily Macrae
description: Join us for a moderated panel discussion about the past, present and future of Civic Tech Toronto. To both reflect on and celebrate the successes and challenges of the last five years, and set an energy and a course for the next five years.
speakers:
  - "[[Jenn Hollett]]"
  - "[[Nasma Ahmed]]"
  - "[[Dilini Kurukulaarachchi]]"
  - "[[Emily Macrae]]"
venue: "[[NO_VENUE_ONLINE]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/PztuZacJgho
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/271752693
via: online
booker: Skaidra
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/civictechto
  - topic/civic-tech-enablement
image: "[[hacknight_251.jpeg]]"
---

Topic:

Join us for a moderated panel discussion about the past, present and future of Civic Tech Toronto. To both reflect on and celebrate the successes and challenges of the last five years, and set an energy and a course for the next five years.

+ Bios

Jennifer Hollett

Jennifer Hollett is the executive director at The Walrus, Canada’s Conversation. The Walrus is known for its award winning independent journalism, fact checking, and national ideas-focused events. Jennifer was also the head of news and government at Twitter Canada and co-founded a startup and developed “Super PAC App." Described as a"Shazam for politics" the app debuted #1 in its category in the App Store, helping make political TV ads more transparent.

Nasma Ahmed

Nasma Ahmed is a technologist and community organizer that works within the intersections of social justice, technology and policy. She is currently Director of the Digital Justice Lab, an initiative focused on building a more just and equitable digital future.

Dilini Kurukula

"Dilini Kurukula is a public servant who has been a passionate volunteer within the civic tech community, serving as a co-organizer and participating in a number of civic tech initiatives over the past two years. Since 2018, she has founded and led a civic tech project that is supporting young people in transitional housing through tech skills mentoring."

Emily Macrae (Moderator)

Emily Macrae is a writer and organizer combining policy analysis with lived experience to build accessible digital and urban environments. Over the course of three years with Civic Tech Toronto, she has hacked on the BikeSpace project, asked for help learning Python and filled many roles as a co-organizer.

