---
number: 260
date: 2020-09-22
topic: Re-imagining a Future for Political Participation
description: |-
  The COVID19 pandemic has changed our lives drastically, making us acutely aware of both gaps and opportunities that can transform policy and systems that affect us. Join us 25, September, 2020 for an interactive discussion on what the pandemic experience reveals about the future of civic responsibility and political participation.

  Facilitated by the future Lab, on behalf of the Institute of the Future, findings of this discussion will feed in to the Imaginable Project. The Imaginable Project is working across more than 50 countries to spark public conversations about our post-pandemic, post-protest future across the Internet.
speakers:
  - "[[Manik Perera]]"
venue: "[[NO_VENUE_ONLINE]]"
videoUrl: 
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/272205106
via: online
booker: Sam
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Topic:

The COVID19 pandemic has changed our lives drastically, making us acutely aware of both gaps and opportunities that can transform policy and systems that affect us. Join us 25, September, 2020 for an interactive discussion on what the pandemic experience reveals about the future of civic responsibility and political participation.

Facilitated by the future Lab, on behalf of the Institute of the Future, findings of this discussion will feed in to the Imaginable Project. The Imaginable Project is working across more than 50 countries to spark public conversations about our post-pandemic, post-protest future across the Internet.

Speaker:

Manik Perera of The future Lab

Manik Perera is a digital designer and artist who currently channels her experience in transition design, international development and digital interaction design through the work of the future Lab (tfL). tfL runs speculative design research projects for participatory ethical and anti racist framing of socio political issues, in the hope of fostering a kinder sense of civic consciousness. Prior to this, she worked with international development and inter-governmental organizations in Asia and Africa, and more recently with digital strategy for Canadian organizations. She holds a Masters of Design in Digital Futures (Canada).

Twitter: @the_futureLab
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/manik-p-2b907616/
