---
number: 284
date: 2021-03-23
topic: Meet a Product Manager at the ODS with Susmita Roy
description: Join us for a lightning talk from Susmita Roy, a product manager at the Ontario Digital Service as she shares how her team adapted an open source code, continues to balance usability, plain language and ongoing user feedback in the Beta launch of Notify. Notify is a government Software-as-a-Service accessed via API or a web interface designed for use by any ministry service to send on-demand or batch communications.
speakers:
  - "[[Susmita Roy]]"
venue: "[[NO_VENUE_ONLINE]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/nMJyvRttpf8
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/276868739
via: online
booker: Jennifer
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Topic:
Join us for a lightning talk from Susmita Roy, a product manager at the Ontario Digital Service as she shares how her team adapted an open source code, continues to balance usability, plain language and ongoing user feedback in the Beta launch of Notify. Notify is a government Software-as-a-Service accessed via API or a web interface designed for use by any ministry service to send on-demand or batch communications.

Speakers:
Susmita has worked as a senior product manager at the Ontario Digital Service (ODS) since 2018. Prior to the ODS, she's worked in the Information Technology sector for over 12 years alongside talented problem solvers across many disciplines. Susmita believes in building products that evolve based on user needs and that government services and products are no different. Recently, her product team launched a notification platform as a pilot within the Ontario Government with the broader goal of enabling all kinds of timely notifications to be send out to the general public.

Prior to joining the Ontario Government she worked at TVOntario where her team successfully launched TVOKids.com by revamping a Flash based legacy website to a modern, user centric website.

When she’s not working with her awesome team at the Ontario Digital Service, she loves to explore her garden, add new plants to her collection, hang out with friends and family, and travelling the globe.