---
number: 335
date: 2022-03-29
topic: The Leading Social Justice Fellowship with Sophie Duncan & Sandi Trillo
description: "Now is a rare and unique opportunity to remake our economies, communities, and systems to be more just, inclusive, and equitable. The Leading Social Justice Fellowship is designed for and connects leaders from the public, private, and community sectors.  The innovative program is co-hosted by the University of Toronto’s School of Cities, United Way Greater Toronto, and Rotman Executive programs. If you’re passionate about social justice and seizing this moment, we think IT has a role to play in solutions - join us to learn more and explore team and project ideas. Learn more: [School of Cities website](https://www.schoolofcities.utoronto.ca/2022-leading-social-justice-fellowship/2022-leading-social-justice-fellowship)"
speakers:
  - "[[Sophie Duncan]]"
  - "[[Sandi Trillo]]"
venue: "[[NO_VENUE_ONLINE]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/YI-mB4619tA
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/284205328
via: online
booker: skaidrap
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

**Topic:**
Now is a rare and unique opportunity to remake our economies, communities, and systems to be more just, inclusive, and equitable. The Leading Social Justice Fellowship is designed for and connects leaders from the public, private, and community sectors.  The innovative program is co-hosted by the University of Toronto’s School of Cities, United Way Greater Toronto, and Rotman Executive programs. If you’re passionate about social justice and seizing this moment, we think IT has a role to play in solutions - join us to learn more and explore team and project ideas.

Learn more: [School of Cities website](https://www.schoolofcities.utoronto.ca/2022-leading-social-justice-fellowship/2022-leading-social-justice-fellowship)

[Apply online by April 11th!](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=JsKqeAMvTUuQN7RtVsVSEPuCK6EzC6NAjfc9TwbDL-lUQzZUODVNRUtDNDNXNElSUUNTR1dGTkQ2UC4u)

**Speakers**:
Sophie Duncan (She/Her/Hers)
At In Nova, Sophie co-manages the Leading Social Justice Fellowship and leads our work with sexual and reproductive rights and women’s rights organizations. As a co-manager of the Fellowship, Sophie works with the team on program design, evaluation, and strategic planning and supports Fellowship teams through the management of their projects.
Sophie’s previous work includes research on the behavioural effects of Canada’s Food Guide, consultation to the Coalition of Immokalee Workers on a new development strategy, leading food access and community development programming in rural Vermont, and research on gender lens climate investing and international youth development programs. Sophie was also a Fulbright Researcher in Morocco, studying traditional foods and ideas about innovation and authenticity. Sophie holds an MBA from the University of Toronto’s Rotman School of Management and is a board member at the Fair Finance Fund, a non-profit social finance fund dedicated to providing loans and mentorship services to local food and farm enterprises.

Sandi Trillo (She/Her/Hers)
As Senior Manager, Strategic Initiatives, she is part of UWGT’s Community Mobilization and Engagement team, advancing reconciliation and equity as part of UWGT’s mission to address urgent needs and the underlying conditions that contribute to poverty and inequality in Peel, Toronto and York Region. Prior to her work at UWGT, she consulted on strategy, governance and leadership development in the non-profit sector; and on performance improvement in the corporate sector. Sandi is passionate about creativity and learning, multi-sector collaboration, and systems thinking.