---
number: 110
date: 2017-09-19
topic: P2PU
speakers:
  - "[[Nico Koenig]]"
  - "[[Grif Peterson]]"
  - "[[Dirk Uys]]"
description: "Peer 2 Peer University, or just P2PU, facilitates equitable learning beyond institutional walls. It is developing a new model for online and offline learning called learning circles: lightly-facilitated study groups for people who want to take online courses, together, in-person. The presentation will highlight how the Toronto Public Library, along with libraries across the world, are using learning circles to achieve accessible education, support digital inclusion and take advantage of open education resources."
venue: "[[Government of Ontario - MacDonald Block]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/242566849
via: in-person
booker: alexaca
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: hacknight_110.jpg
title: "Hacknight #110 – P2PU"
redirect_from: /2017/09/20/hacknight-110-with-p2pu/
---

Presenter: Nico Koenig, Grif Peterson, Dirk Uys of P2PU

Peer 2 Peer University, or just P2PU, facilitates equitable learning beyond institutional walls. It is developing a new model for online and offline learning called learning circles: lightly-facilitated study groups for people who want to take online courses, together, in-person. The presentation will highlight how the Toronto Public Library, along with libraries across the world, are using learning circles to achieve accessible education, support digital inclusion and take advantage of open education resources.

Nico works at the intersection community building and community-based education. Before joining P2PU, Nico spent a number of years promoting lifelong learning in Toronto, including working with Jane's Walk and founding Trade School Toronto.

Dirk is passionate about applying technology in ways that make the world a better place for everyone. His role at P2PU is to oversee the use technology in service of the mission of broadening access to education.

As the the learning lead, Grif works to ensure that P2PU remains equitable and empowering for diverse audiences. Before P2PU, he served as a research assistant at the MIT Media Lab and as the academic affairs officer at the University of Central Asia. He lives in Boston.

