---
number: 139
date: 2018-04-24
topic: Project Open Mic
description: "This week, we're experimenting with a new format: Project Open Mic! But even before the launch, lots of smaller learnings are happening on both a personal and project level. Each week, community members show up at civic hacknights to discover and work on projects. And every so often, this builds up to a big launch that we're all excited to celebrate. This week, we're excited to offer a low-pressure space to speak to that!"
venue: "[[Secret Location]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/249041389
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: hacknight_139.jpg
title: "Hacknight #139 – Project Open Mic"
redirect_from: /2018/04/24/hacknight-139-open-mic-night/
---

Presenters: Project contributors!

This week, we're experimenting with a new format: Project Open Mic!

Each week, community members show up at civic hacknights to discover and work on projects. And every so often, this builds up to a big launch that we're all excited to celebrate. (Yay! Women and Color project! Yaaay!)

But even before the launch, lots of smaller learnings are happening on both a personal and project level. This week, we're excited to offer a low-pressure space to speak to that!

Please come to hear about and support our projects, and to share what you've learned :)

How it will work:

- We'll have a sign-up sheet at the door.
- You'll have up to a 5-minute slot, but no need to take it all.
- No slides necessary! But if you'd like, please add a slide to this deck:
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SHwKIuCW-t7J_kG2dTYk-zYyn3ludn91ajWfPRRyvNk/edit#slide=id.g38d19a3be8_0_16
- We'll have a computer up front, if you need to pull up a website.
- Since learnings can be personal, having multiple people speak from one project is entirely A-OK :)
- Speakers from inactive and failed projects are encouraged!
- After each open mic speaker, there'll be time for questions

Examples of the sort of things we'd love to hear shared (but don't feel limited!):

- Is there anything you'd like to demo?
- What are your project successes?
- What are your project challenges?
- Are there any project tactics you've learned that you'd like to share?
- How do you bring new people into the project?
- What do you wish that you'd known when you first started or arrived?
- If someone were thinking about starting a new project, what advice would you give them?

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@CivicTechTO \#civictechto \#civictech

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Secret Location

The Emmy award-winning Secret Location combines cutting-edge technology with traditional storytelling to create powerful experiences for the web, mobile, tablet, and new platforms like Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR).

https://secretlocation.com

Check-in details: No sign-in necessary. South service elevator is unlocked for us. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: The venue is fully accessible (washrooms included).

*** ABOUT US:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!