---
number: 144
date: 2018-05-29
topic: City of Toronto Automated Vehicles Team with Shagithya Deivendran and Fahad Khan
description: The City of Toronto is the first municipality in North America to create a team focused solely on investigating the potential impacts from automated vehicle (AV) technology on its services and residents. Staff from Transportation Services will be visiting to speak on some of the City's AV work-to-date, background on the rapidly evolving technology, and the 'Draft Automated Vehicles Tactical Plan' which was presented at City council in early 2018.
speakers:
  - "[[Shagithya Deivendran]]"
  - "[[Fahad Khan]]"
venue: "[[Mozilla Community Space]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/249119649
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---
Presenter: Shagithya Deivendran & Fahad Khan: Automated Vehicles Team, City of Toronto

The City of Toronto is the first municipality in North America to create a team focused solely on investigating the potential impacts from automated vehicle (AV) technology on its services and residents. Staff from Transportation Services will be visiting to speak on some of the City's AV work-to-date, background on the rapidly evolving technology, and the 'Draft Automated Vehicles Tactical Plan' which was presented at City council in early 2018.

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@TO_Transport 

*** BIOGRAPHIES:

Shagithya Deivendran has been working in policy development within the transportation sector since 2014, with a focus on stakeholder engagement, research & development, government relations, and law. Shagithya has an undergraduate degree from the University of Toronto in Criminology and Political Science, and a master's degree in Public Policy, Administration and Law from York University. Shagithya is currently a Project Lead on Automated Vehicles at the City of Toronto.

Fahad Khan has the honour of being North America's first full time staff directly assigned to the Automated and Autonomous Vehicles file. Working as a Project Lead within the City of Toronto, Fahad enjoys preparing the City for the cutting edge of vehicle technology. He has a Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Toronto and a Masters in Engineering and Public Policy from McMaster University.

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Mozilla Toronto

Mozilla's mission is to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. An Internet that truly puts people first, where individuals can shape their own experience and are empowered, safe and independent.

Check-in details: Door will be locked after 7, so please arrive prior. RSVP and sign-in required. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: The venue is accessible, but unfortunately it's not a spectacular experience. Guests who rely on mobility assistance will need to come in through the rear entrance - somebody will need to get the door for them - but can get from there to the front elevator without issue. (Please text the doorbell number above for assistance.)
