---
number: 153
date: 2018-07-31
topic: Healthy Budget Builder
description: Scott will be presenting on the Healthy Budget Builder TO, which is an interactive website that allows users to ‘build their own’ City of Toronto budget. Users get to decide which programs to fund, and how to raise the money required to pay for them. Its purpose is to evidence and information to help contribute to a more informed a conversation on the City of Toronto budget. https://healthybudgetbuilderto.ca/
speakers:
  - "[[Scott Leon]]"
venue: "[[Sidewalk Labs]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/252416528
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/public-budget
---

Presenter: Scott Leon, researcher and policy professional at the Wellesley Institute

Scott will be presenting on the Healthy Budget Builder TO, which is an interactive website that allows users to ‘build their own’ City of Toronto budget. Users get to decide which programs to fund, and how to raise the money required to pay for them. Its purpose is to evidence and information to help contribute to a more informed a conversation on the City of Toronto budget.

https://healthybudgetbuilderto.ca/

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@ScottLeonTO @WellesleyWI

*** BIOGRAPHIES:

Scott Leon is a researcher with the Wellesley Institute and the Neighbourhood Change Research Partnership at the University of Toronto. His work focuses primarily on affordable housing and healthy public budgeting.

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Sidewalk Labs

https://sidewalktoronto.ca/

Sidewalk Labs is an Alphabet company that imagines, designs, tests, and builds urban innovations to help cities meet their biggest challenges. They are designing a district in Toronto’s Eastern Waterfront to tackle the challenges of urban growth, working in partnership with the tri-government agency Waterfront Toronto and the local community. This joint effort, called Sidewalk Toronto, aims to make Toronto the global hub for urban innovation.

Check-in details: If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: Fully Accessible