---
number: 155
date: 2018-08-14
topic: Young Leaders from ‘Youth Empowering Youth’
description: Youth Justice Advocates In Training will present as Child Welfare survivors. They will discuss what their most urgent needs are and the type of assistance that may be helpful. The youth will be focusing on the challenges of their lived experiences and the type of assistance that would be helpful to alleviate the ongoing harm.
speakers:
  - "[[Michelle Bain]]"
venue: "[[George Brown Waterfront campus]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/252444645
via: in-person
booker: sprins
tags:
  - type/hacknight
title: "Hacknight #155 – Young Leaders from ‘Youth Empowering Youth’"
redirect_from: /2018/08/14/hacknight-155-young-leaders-from-youth-empowering-youth-with-michelle-bain/
---

Presenter: Young Leaders from "Youth Empowering Youth" (YEY)

Youth Justice Advocates In Training will present as Child Welfare survivors. They will discuss what their most urgent needs are and the type of assistance that may be helpful. The youth will be focusing on the challenges of their lived experiences and the type of assistance that would be helpful to alleviate the ongoing harm.

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

juvenilejustice youthjustice jjreform childwelfare

*** BIOGRAPHIES:

Michelle Bain – Director & Founder Youth Empowering Youth! Social Justice Lawyer, practicing in family, criminal defense and Child Welfare.

Youth Justice Advocates In Training:

Jackson (age 23) – Hamilton Catholic CAS, former youth in care, strong advocate in the Hamilton LGBTQ2S+, social justice advocate dedicated to seeing positive changes in Child Welfare across Ontario.

Serina (21) – Former Crown Ward, Student at Mohawk College, graduate of Community and Justice Services Program going into advanced security management. Dedicated to social justice and Youth Engagement Mentor to current kids in care and Youth Advisory Committee volunteer member.

Samidha (20) – Former Youth from care, current student at McMaster University studying business. Born and raised in India, emigrated to Canada age 12. Dedicated to social justice and change for Ontario’s Child Welfare Youth. https://www.cafdn.org/about-us/our-people/#YPAC

Kiarra (19) – Current youth in care, new yet dedicated and astute social justice advocate. Dedicated to addressing and improving the Mental Health supports for all Child Welfare Youth and their families.

Aidan (18) – Halton Region CAS, current youth in care, dedicated to changing the Child Welfare System for the best for all youth in care.

Sadeqah (16) – Current Youth in Care, entering grade 12, been in the Child Welfare system since age 6, born in Scarborough cultural background Afghanistan. Dedicated and strong youth justice advocate and a current Crown Ward.

*** THIS WEEK'S SPONSORS:

Venue Sponsor: George Brown College

https://www.georgebrown.ca

George Brown College equips students with the skills, industry experience and credentials to pursue the careers of their choice. Balancing work, home and education is easy at George Brown with full-time, part-time and continuing education programs to suit your availability and allowing you to work towards a diploma, degree or certificate.

Food Sponsor: Sidewalk Labs

https://sidewalktoronto.ca/

Sidewalk Labs is an Alphabet company that imagines, designs, tests, and builds urban innovations to help cities meet their biggest challenges. They are designing a district in Toronto’s Eastern Waterfront to tackle the challenges of urban growth, working in partnership with the tri-government agency Waterfront Toronto and the local community. This joint effort, called Sidewalk Toronto, aims to make Toronto the global hub for urban innovation.

Check-in details: If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: Fully accessible.
