---
number: 162
date: 2018-10-02
topic: Civic Hall Toronto Update
description: Shea Sinnott, Program Manager at Code for Canada, will provide an update on Civic Hall Toronto, launched in the Spring. Inspired by Civic Hall NYC and set to launch in May, Civic Hall Toronto aims to create a hub for civic innovation in the city. Operated by Code for Canada and in partnership with the City of Toronto and the Centre for Social Innovation, Civic Hall Toronto will enable government innovators, entrepreneurs and civic technologists to share, learn and build solutions together.
speakers:
  - "[[Shea Sinnott]]"
venue: "[[CSI Regent Park]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/252682176
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
title: "Hacknight #162 – Civic Hall Toronto Update"
redirect_from:
  - /2018/10/02/hacknight-162-civic-hall-toronto-update-with-shea-sinnott/
  - /hacknights/162/
---

Presenter: Shea Sinnott – Program Manager, Civic Hall Toronto – from Code for Canada

Topic: Update on Civic Hall Toronto

Shea Sinnott, Program Manager at Code for Canada, will provide an update on Civic Hall Toronto, launched in the Spring. Inspired by Civic Hall NYC and set to launch in May, Civic Hall Toronto aims to create a hub for civic innovation in the city. Operated by Code for Canada and in partnership with the City of Toronto and the Centre for Social Innovation, Civic Hall Toronto will enable government innovators, entrepreneurs and civic technologists to share, learn and build solutions together.

Come out to get a sneak peek into Civic Hall Toronto!

*** SOCIAL MEDIA CHEAT CODES:

@SheaSinnott @CivicToronto @code4ca @csiTO 

*** BIOGRAPHIES:

Shea Sinnott is an experienced project manager and organizer with a background in social and environmental justice working with organizations like OpenMedia, Leadnow, Next Up, and the David Suzuki Foundation. Shea holds an MEd in Education and Community Development, and is passionate about bringing people and organizations together, across sectors and issues, to work for a better world (for all of us).

*** THIS MONTH'S VENUE SPONSOR:

Civic Hall Toronto is our God and venue sponsor this week!

They will be hosting us at the Centre for Social Innovation, Regent Park

Check-in details: If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

Accessibility: Wheelchair accessible.