---
number: 170
date: 2018-11-27
topic: Digital Youth Engagement
description: Jason will discuss how Pathways to Education Canada has explored youth engagement on digital channels and highlight some of the tools that have been developed.
speakers:
  - "[[Jason Shim]]"
venue: "[[Connected Offices]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/254640707
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/education
title: "Hacknight #170 – Digital Youth Engagement"
redirect_from:
  - /2018/11/27/hacknight-170-digital-youth-engagement-with-jason-shim/
  - /hacknights/170/
youtubeID: 6YQJ4KGPnr0
---

Jason will discuss how Pathways to Education Canada has explored youth engagement on digital channels and highlight some of the tools that have been developed.

@jasonshim @pathwayscanada

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

Presenter:

Jason Shim, Director, Digital Strategy, Pathways to Education

Social Media Cheat Codes:

@jasonshim @pathwayscanada

Biography:
Jason Shim, Pathways to Education Canada

How can we harness technology to make a difference in the world? That’s the question Jason Shim loves to explore with organizations. With over 10 years of experience spanning the nonprofit and academic sectors, Jason is a creative entrepreneur with a wide variety of applied knowledge and skills. He has spent his career helping numerous organizations develop and deploy strategies supporting fundraising, marketing, and program delivery. Jason is a published author, as well as a speaker on topics including digital fundraising, digital marketing strategy, online youth engagement, web analytics, and cryptocurrency. Currently, he serves as Director, Digital Strategy at Pathways to Education Canada leading the organization’s national digital strategy. At Pathways, he pioneered the adoption of social media to improve program delivery to youth and also implemented emerging technologies such as Bitcoin.

About Pathways to Education Canada

Pathways to Education is a national, charitable organization breaking the cycle of poverty through education. Its award-winning program is creating positive social change by supporting youth living in low-income communities to overcome barriers to education, graduate from high school, and build the foundation for a successful future. Through the collective power of partnerships, Pathways to Education’s innovative program is preparing youth for tomorrow.

Venue Sponsor:

Connected is our venue and food sponsor for November 2018!
They are a development firm that works with different companies to "build products that drive user and business impact."

A big thank-you to Connected for providing us with an awesome venue (their Toronto office) and for all the delicious food.
This week we'll be snacking on Mediterranean treats from Bnina Express!

+ Check-in details:

Take the elevators to the 3rd floor of 370 King St. West. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

The venue is accessible, but entering the building can be tricky. There are two ways to enter 370 King St W:
1) If you are entering from 370 King Street W, there is a lift available with instructions on the lift and a number to call the Security Officer on duty to assist with access.
2) If you do not want to use the lift, you can also enter behind the building through the accessible Widmer St. entrance, then navigate to the elevators.
