---
number: 172
date: 2018-12-11
topic: Updates from Ample Labs and Law & Design CoLab
speakers:
  - "[[Francesca Oprandi]]"
  - "[[Sheau Lih Vong]]"
  - "[[Matt Wong]]"
  - "[[Will Meneray]]"
  - "[[CG Chen]]"
venue: "[[CSI Annex]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/256087817
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/hacknight
title: "Hacknight #172 – Updates from Ample Labs and Law & Design CoLab"
redirect_from: /2018/12/11/hacknight-172-updates-from-ample-labs-and-law-design-colab-with-francesca-oprandisheau-lih-vong-matt-wong-will-meneray-and-cg-chen/
---

Come out to hear exciting updates from Ample Labs and Law & Design CoLab!

Stay to help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Law and Design: Francesca Oprandi and Sheau Lih Vong (bios below)

Ample Labs:

CG, UX Designer at Ecobee and founder of Ample Labs

Matt Wong, Developer at Ample Labs working on the Ample Labs Chalmersbot

Will Meneray, Principal at Oliver-Wyman and working on the Ample Labs Accelerator project.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

To be announced

+ Biographies:

Francesca Oprandi: Currently freelancing in Toronto, I’m an Italian visual designer with 4 years of experience in communication agencies. My background in law and my interest in human-centered design brought me to join the Law & Design CoLab, where I try to live the best of both worlds by working on projects promoting access to justice in Ontario.

Sheau Lih Vong : Sheau Lih attended the University of Waterloo where she obtained a Bachelors of Arts in History and Legal Studies and a Masters of Arts in Canadian History. She then attended Osgoode Hall Law School, graduating in 2017. Following the completion of her articles, Sheau Lih founded Vong Law Professional Corporation, a law firm dedicated to immigration and refugee law. Sheau Lih has always had a passion for social justice and has long sought to improve access to justice. While attending Osgoode, she volunteered with Indigenous youth in the Seeking Justice, Making Law: Wiikwemkoong Project, the Community & Legal Aide Services Program (CLASP), and completed a placement at ARCH Disability Law Center. She is now a proud member of the Law & Design CoLab, whose members seek to challenge traditional ideas about legal information in Canada and to empower individuals and communities through technology and user-centered design.

+ Venue Sponsor:

To be announced

+ Check-in details:

To be announced. If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

To be announced

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!