---
number: 173
date: 2018-12-18
topic: End-of-year celebration!
venue: "[[Supermarket Restaurant and Bar]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/256087822
via: in-person
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: Join us on December 18th for an extra special Civic Tech social event! Let's celebrate the Civic Tech community and all the friends we've made over the last 3.5 years.
title: "Hacknight #173 – End-of-year celebration!"
redirect_from:
  - /2018/12/18/hacknight-173-end-of-year-celebration/
  - /hacknights/173/
---

Join us on December 18th for an extra special Civic Tech social event!
Let's celebrate the Civic Tech community and all the friends we've made over the last 3.5 years.

Everyone is welcome, with an extra-special invite to any projects or people that have been part of Civic Tech Toronto in the past, but haven't been back in a while. We'd love to catch up!

+ Presenter:

Civic Tech organizers

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@CivicTechTO

+ Venue:

Supermarket Restaurant and Bar
268 Augusta Avenue

There will be appetizers provided, and the option to purchase food and drinks!

+ Check-in details:

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

To be announced

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30pm-11pm: Celebration time!

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!