---
number: 177
date: 2019-01-29
topic: Grant Connect @ Imagine Canada
description: Devon will be highlighting Grant Connect as a case study in commercializing nonprofit tech innovation. A custom SaaS application used by thousands of Canadian fundraisers, the latest iteration of Grant Connect is currently in Beta. Devon will talk about some of the challenges they faced (and are still facing) getting there, and lessons learned from years of product and business model innovation in the nonprofit sector. https://imaginecanada.ca/en/grantconnect
speakers:
  - "[[Devon Hurvid]]"
venue: "[[Canadiana Gallery, University of Toronto]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/256087859
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/funding
title: "Hacknight #177 – Grant Connect @ Imagine Canada"
redirect_from: /2019/01/29/hacknight-177-grant-connect-imagine-canada-with-devon-hurvid/
youtubeID: aTfSwjLqQAs
---

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenter:

Devon Hurvid, Director of Product Management & Innovation, Imagine Canada will be speaking on startup culture in the charitable sector, highlighting the unique challenges and opportunities facing business ventures that are launched and scaled by nonprofit organizations.

Devon will be highlighting Grant Connect as a case study in commercializing nonprofit tech innovation. A custom SaaS application used by thousands of Canadian fundraisers, the latest iteration of Grant Connect is currently in Beta. Devon will talk about some of the challenges they faced (and are still facing) getting there, and lessons learned from years of product and business model innovation in the nonprofit sector.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@ImagineCanada \#nonprofit \#charity \#philanthropy

+ Biographies:

To be announced.

+ Venue Sponsor:

Our January hacknights are being sponsored by the Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy!

+ Check-in details:

There's no sign-in required. Enter from the East entrance to the Gallery and turn left!

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

The building is accessible via an outdoor ramp, and an accessible washroom is available.
Project breakout time will be hosted in the presentation room, as well as the room where the pizza is served. Both spaces are accessible.

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

**