---
number: 180
date: 2019-02-26
topic: KnowYourVoteTO.ca Toronto Public Library & MASS LBP
description: In September 2018, Toronto Public Library launched Know Your Vote T.O. - a website where voters could learn about the City Council candidates running to represent their neighbourhood at Toronto’s City Council, learn how candidates think Toronto should tackle big issues facing our city, and learn more about how decisions are made in the city we call home. Learn about how this project was developed and join the discussion about how we can continue to foster civic discourse between elections.
speakers:
  - "[[Pam Ryan]]"
  - "[[Alex Carruthers]]"
  - "[[Laurie Drake]]"
venue: "[[LoyaltyOne Offices King East]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/256843138
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/elections
title: "Hacknight #180 – KnowYourVoteTO.ca Toronto Public Library & MASS LBP"
redirect_from: /2019/02/26/hacknight-180-knowyourvoteto-ca-toronto-public-library-mass-lbp-with-pam-ryan-alex-carruthers-and-laurie-drake/
---
In September 2018, Toronto Public Library launched Know Your Vote T.O. - a website where voters could learn about the City Council candidates running to represent their neighbourhood at Toronto’s City Council, learn how candidates think Toronto should tackle big issues facing our city, and learn more about how decisions are made in the city we call home. Learn about how this project was developed and join the discussion about how we can continue to foster civic discourse between elections.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

Presenter:

Alex Carruthers, Manager, Learning & Community Engagement at Toronto Public Library.

Laurie Drake, Director of Research and Learning at MASS LBP, Canada's home for democratic innovation and public strategy.

Pam Ryan, Director, Service Development & Innovation at Toronto Public Library.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@acecarruthers
@torontolibrary
@masslbp

+ Biographies:

Alex Carruthers is the Manager, Learning & Community Engagement at Toronto Public Library. Her portfolio includes digital literacy education, workforce development programming, community outreach and engagement activities and supporting civic engagement.

Laurie Drake is the Director of Research and Learning at MASS LBP, Canada's home for democratic innovation and public strategy. She works on a wide range of policy projects, and helps clients develop unbiased programming and balanced learning materials that support citizen engagement.

Pam Ryan is Director, Service Development & Innovation at Toronto Public Library. She is responsible for creating transformational library services and programs for all major service areas and age groups, including newcomers and vulnerable populations, to digital innovation, literacy and learning, community outreach and engagement, and special collections and digitization.

+ Venue Sponsor:

This month's venue and food is sponsored by LoyaltyOne!

Facebook - @LoyaltyOneCo
Instagram - @loyaltyoneculture
Twitter - @LoyaltyOneJobs
LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/company/6327
CSR Page - https://www.loyalty.com/home/about-us/corporate-responsibility
