---
number: 183
date: 2019-03-19
topic: Feedback Frames and Upgrading Democracy
speakers:
  - "[[Jason Diceman]]"
venue: "[[HackerYou Alumni Lounge]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/258779415
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/democracy
title: "Hacknight #183 – Feedback Frames and Upgrading Democracy"
redirect_from: /2019/03/19/hacknight-183-feedback-frames-and-upgrading-democracy-with-jason-diceman/
---

Jason Diceman will be presenting a new project to upgrade government public consultation and stakeholder meetings, including the publication of compelling meeting results as open data.

Jason Diceman will also host a break-out to request advice from participants on building the MeetingResults.info project.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenter:

Jason Diceman, Senior Public Consultation Coordinator, City of Toronto & Inventor of Feedback Frames

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@IdeaRatingGuy feedbackframes.com
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

Jason Diceman, is a leading public consultation professional for the City of Toronto, a long-time open source advocate, and inventor of Feedback Frames group decision-making hardware.

Come early: This Hacknight will start with a demonstration of Feedback Frames, consulting with all participants on how to improve Hacknight food.

+ Venue Sponsor:

Our venue and food sponsor this week is HackerYou!

At HackerYou, you get more than just a couple of awesome projects for your portfolio. When you make the decision to learn with us, you’re taking a big leap. It means you're ready for change in your professional life. Our goal is to give you the tools necessary to succeed. With that vision in mind, the HackerYou experience is tailored to you, and that’s why we’re the top-rated tech school in Toronto. https://hackeryou.com/

+ Check-in details:

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

Regretfully, the space is not accessible. The meeting space is on the second floor, with no elevator access.

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

**