---
number: 185
date: 2019-04-02
topic: "Liquid Maps: Interactive Analogue Maps for Conversation"
description: Exploring how folk dances, drag performances and Jewish Summer Camp inspired an interactive tool for presenting data to the public.
speakers:
  - "[[Jay Ginsherman]]"
venue: "[[Rangle.io Office]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/258950798
via: in-person
booker: Kate
tags:
  - type/hacknight
title: "Hacknight #185 – Liquid Maps: Interactive Analogue Maps for Conversation"
redirect_from: /2019/04/02/hacknight-185-liquid-maps-interactive-analogue-maps-for-conversation-with-jay-ginsherman/
youtubeID: 0fG9OVNZil4
---
Topic: Interactive Analogue Maps for Conversation

Exploring how folk dances, drag performances and Jewish Summer Camp inspired an interactive tool for presenting data to the public.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenter:

Jay Ginsherman, Freelance Graphic Designer & CivicTechTO contributor

+ Social media cheat codes:

@JGinsherman
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

Jay Ginsherman is a Queer-Jewish Toronto based graphic designer and conceptual design thinker who also works as a fine artist, map maker, educator and occasionally, a drag queen. Their art and design practice creates tools for education and introspection to guide the public to better understand our complex world. Jay has a Bachelors of Design from OCAD University and was a two time fellow of The Hillel Emerging Artists Fellowship. Jay's independent design practice is based at the Centre for Social Innovation and works along many non profits and socially minded clients including Rainbow Railroad, OCIC and volunteers at Civic Tech for Ample Labs.

+ Venue sponsor:

Thanks so much to Rangle, this month's food and venue sponsor!

Rangle is more than a groundbreaking team of JavaScript experts, they’re your partners in innovation. https://rangle.io/

+ Check-in details:

Sign-in will be required on an iPad.

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

Accessible via elevator. Bathroom doors lack push-button assist. Vegetarian options will be available.

+ About us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

**