---
number: 187
date: 2019-04-16
topic: "Toronto Mesh: Towards a Better Web"
speakers:
  - "[[Dante Sanchez]]"
venue: "[[Rangle.io Office]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/259535457
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/internet-access
description: This talk will be about the issues the Web is facing today and some solutions that groups around the world are working on. It will explain how Toronto Mesh is helping build the Web of tomorrow, and how you (the audience!) can help.
---
Topic: Toronto Mesh: Towards a Better Web

This talk will be about the issues the Web is facing today and some solutions that groups around the world are working on. It will explain how Toronto Mesh is helping build the Web of tomorrow, and how you (the audience!) can help.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Dante Sanchez, central organization lead for Toronto Mesh

Toronto Mesh helps communities create better networks with open source and peer-to-peer technologies that promote digital literacy and privacy. https://tomesh.net

+ Social media cheat codes:

@dasanc_ @tomeshnet \#p2p \#dweb \#decentralized
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

Dante graduated from Mechanical Engineering at UofT, and has spent the last decade developing instruments used for geophysics, environmental, and life sciences research.

+ Venue sponsor:

Thanks so much to Rangle, this month's food and venue sponsor!

Rangle is more than a groundbreaking team of JavaScript experts, they’re your partners in innovation. https://rangle.io/

+ Check-in details:

Sign-in will be required on an iPad.

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

Accessible via elevator. Bathroom doors lack push-button assist. Vegetarian options will be available.

+ About us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

**