---
number: 189
date: 2019-04-30
topic: Bridge Program for Software Devs
speakers:
  - "[[Jocelyn Jeffrey]]"
venue: "[[Rangle.io Office]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/260081838
via: in-person
booker: kate, patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: |-
  Jocelyn will be talking about her experience coming to development through a non-traditional background, growing through the Bridge Program, and the lessons learned in eventually becoming a Bridge instructor herself.
  Bridge is a federally-incorporated not-for-profit organization that brings together people who believe that we can and should remove barriers preventing members of marginalized groups from participating fully and equally in the technology industry.
  https://bridgeschool.io/
title: "Hacknight #189 – Bridge Program for Software Devs"
redirect_from: /2019/04/30/hacknight-189-bridge-program-for-software-devs-with-jocelyn-jeffrey/
youtubeID: eOMMPh7LKyU
---
Topic: Growing through the Bridge Program

Jocelyn will be talking about her experience coming to development through a non-traditional background, growing through the Bridge Program, and the lessons learned in eventually becoming a Bridge instructor herself.

Bridge is a federally-incorporated not-for-profit organization that brings together people who believe that we can and should remove barriers preventing members of marginalized groups from participating fully and equally in the technology industry.

https://bridgeschool.io/

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Jocelyn Jeffrey, Instructor, Bridge for Software Developers

+ Social media cheat codes:

@itsbridgeschool
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

Jocelyn is a developer at Rangle and a graduate-turned-instructor of Bridge for Software Development. In her time as an instructor, she has seen developers level-up and become her coworkers. She loves being a part of the meaningful education, mentorship and community that Bridge provides to women, as well as agender and non-binary professionals. Her favourite framework is Vue and in 2018 she built a fortune teller to “vue” the future.

+ Venue sponsor:

Thanks so much to Rangle, this month's food and venue sponsor!

Rangle is more than a groundbreaking team of JavaScript experts, they’re your partners in innovation. https://rangle.io/

+ Check-in details:

Sign-in will be required on an iPad.

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

Accessible via elevator. Bathroom doors lack push-button assist. Vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options will be available.

+ About us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

**