---
number: 193
date: 2019-05-28
topic: WITHWomen app
speakers:
  - "[[Pearl Buhariwala]]"
  - "[[Janisha Kamalanathan]]"
venue: "[[Deloitte Digital]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/260560487
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Topic: Creating the WITHWomen app

http://stmichaelshospital.com/media/detail.php?source=hospital_news/2019/0524

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Pearl Buhariwala & Janisha Kamalanathan, Research Coordinators, St. Michael's Hospital

+ Social media cheat codes:

@StMikesHospital @C_UHS_StMikes 


+ Biographies:

Pearl Buhariwala is a Research Coordinator working at MAP Centre for Urban Health Solutions at Unity Health Toronto. At MAP Pearl works on multiple projects which address the social determinants of health and evaluate interventions to better support women. Pearl is passionate about working for a research centre which emphasizes solutions focused research working to improve the lives of those most in need across Toronto.

Janisha Kamalanathan is a Research Coordinator at MAP Centre for Urban Health Solutions at Unity Health Toronto. A social worker by training, Janisha is passionate about improving health equity in the city. At MAP Janisha works on innovative research projects that support social change – including program evaluations, quality improvement initiatives and projects related to the Centre’s Partner Violence Implementation Science Program. In her spare time, Janisha chairs the board of a Turtle House Art/Play Centre – a small charity providing special arts programming for newcomers in Toronto.

+ Venue sponsor:

Thanks so much to May's venue and food sponsor, Deloitte Digital!

https://www2.deloitte.com/global/en/pages/technology/solutions/deloitte-digital.html
