---
number: 197
date: 2019-06-25
topic: Using Tech to Better Support Survivors
speakers:
  - "[[Kim Allen]]"
venue: "[[Orium (prev. MyPlanet)]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/261818250
via: in-person
booker: patcon
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: "The Ontario Rape Crisis Coalition has recently engaged on a tech capacity building project called ‘Using Technology to Better Support Survivors: Innovation in Frontline Settings’. The project aims to offer outreach, crisis and counselling supports for survivors. As project lead, Kim will be speaking about the prelimary research phase that has recently finished, and possible next steps as they look toward putting their learning into action. https://sexualassaultsupport.ca/using-technology-to-better-support-survivors-literature-review/"
image: hacknight_197.jpg
title: "Hacknight #197 – Using Tech to Better Support Survivors"
redirect_from: /2019/06/25/hacknight-197-using-tech-to-better-support-survivors-with-kim-allen/
---

Topic: "Using Technology to Better Support Survivors: Innovation in Frontline Settings"

The Ontario Rape Crisis Coalition has recently engaged on a tech capacity building project called "Using Technology to Better Support Survivors: Innovation in Frontline Settings". The project aims to offer outreach, crisis and counselling supports for survivors. As project lead, Kim will be speaking about the prelimary research phase that has recently finished, and possible next steps as they look toward putting their learning into action.

https://sexualassaultsupport.ca/using-technology-to-better-support-survivors-literature-review/

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Kim Allen, Lead Consultant, Primal Glow Communications & Project Lead, Ontario Coalition of Rape Crisis Centres (OCRCC)

+ Twitter cheat codes: (related handles & hashtags)

To be announced.
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

To be announced.

+ Venue sponsor:

The venue sponsor for this week is Myplanet!

https://www.myplanet.com/

+ Check-in details:

If you run into any issues, then please send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649 (647-8122-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

The building is unfortunately NOT fully accessible. The front entrance has many steps. The back entrance is barrier free with a ramp, but then has 3 interior steps. This back entrance can be reached from either Adelaide (a few doors east of main entrance), or from George St on north side.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!

**