---
number: 206
date: 2019-08-27
topic: Walk/Wait transit app
description: This week, we're excited to welcome a team of students who will showcase Wait/Wait, a transit app that they created for University of Toronto's Coding Boot Camp (run through the School of Continuing Studies).
speakers:
  - "[[Holly Gronau]]"
  - "[[Sharon Chien]]"
  - "[[Paul Xu]]"
venue: "[[PagerDuty, Inc.]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/263368826
via: in-person
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---
This week, we're excited to welcome a team of students who will showcase Wait/Wait, a transit app that they created for University of Toronto's Coding Boot Camp (run through the School of Continuing Studies).

Come help us chip away at civic challenges! We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to contribute towards, and pizza (or other noms) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Team members Holly Gronau, Sharon Chien, Paul Xu

+ Twitter cheat codes: (related handles & hashtags)

@sharon_chien @UofTSCSBootCamp
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

To be announced

+ Venue Sponsor:

The Retail Council of Canada advocates for retailers in Canada through effective advocacy, communications, and education. https://retailcouncil.org

+ Check-in details:

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 780-652-2649 (780-6LAB-6IX), and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

No steps/stairs—entrance to building is direct from street level, elevator to the 8th floor, no steps between rooms/spaces.

Unfortunately, the washrooms at this venue are not accessible—the clearance is too narrow, and there is no assisted door or grab bars.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!