---
number: 213
date: 2019-10-15
topic: Failure through a government lens, can we talk about it?
description: Failure is a product of action, entrepreneurship and creation. It’s also what makes us HUMAN…. But what does it look like when we put a government lens on failure? Can we talk about it? A team from Fuckup Nights Toronto is working to break down stigmas, and amplify the message that failure is healthy and essential to learning and growing…. Even in government.
speakers:
  - "[[Skaidra Puodziunas]]"
  - "[[Marsha Druker]]"
venue: "[[The Watershed Toronto Coworking]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/264998652
via: in-person
booker: Kristen
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: "hacknight_213.jpg"
title: 'Hacknight #213 – Failure through a government lens, can we talk about it?'
---

Topic:

Failure is a product of action, entrepreneurship and creation. It’s also what makes us HUMAN…. But what does it look like when we put a government lens on failure? Can we talk about it? A team from Fuckup Nights Toronto is working to break down stigmas, and amplify the message that failure is healthy and essential to learning and growing…. Even in government.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and pizza (or other food) to snack on!

+ Presenters:

Skaidra Puodziunas & Marsha Druker

+ Biographies:

Skaidra Puodziunas: Think hy-dra, say sky-dra.
Work hustle: Engagement Team at the Ontario Digital Service, embedded within the Ontario Government's Cabinet Office.
Side hustle: Civic tech, fostering Baltic connections and globetrotting.

Marsha Druker is the Founder and Director of Fuckup Nights
Toronto and Kitchener-Waterloo, chapters of the global speaker series
and community that shares stories of professional failure in 300+
cities. A passionate community builder, Marsha loves bringing people together to have genuine conversations about all sides of entrepreneurship, failure and mental health. She believes that vulnerability makes us stronger, not weaker.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

Personal Twitter: @SkaidraP
Personal Twitter: @MarshaDruker
Organizational Twitter: @FuckupNightsTO
Organizational Instagram: FuckupNightsTO
Organizational Facebook: Fuckup Nights



+ Venue Sponsor:

Thank you to Watershed Coworking for hosting us this week!

Watershed is a collaborative strategy design agency, that shares its carefully considered work environment as coworking spaces. They aim to improve the mental processes, strategies, and well-being of their diverse coworkers as they work to improve the word.

https://watershedcoworking.com/

+ Check-in details:

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649, and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!