---
number: 216
date: 2019-11-05
topic: "Climate Action in Toronto: Let's TransformTO Together"
description: |-
  On October 2nd, Toronto City Council unanimously voted to declare a climate emergency and accelerate its efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change.
  Join Tamara Grossutti to learn how the City of Toronto plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net-zero by 2050 and how you can give your input on the action plan going to Toronto City Council in 2020. https://www.toronto.ca/services-payments/water-environment/environmentally-friendly-city-initiatives/transformto/
speakers:
  - "[[Tamara Grossutti]]"
venue: "[[General Assembly, Toronto]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/eQUd5zmXVNA
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/265750116
via: in-person
booker: Kristen
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/climate
image: "[[hacknight_216.jpeg]]"
title: "Hacknight #216 – Climate Action in Toronto: Let's TransformTO Together"
youtubeID: eQUd5zmXVNA
---

Topic:

On October 2nd, Toronto City Council unanimously voted to declare a climate emergency and accelerate its efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change.

Join Tamara Grossutti to learn how the City of Toronto plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net-zero by 2050 and how you can give your input on the action plan going to Toronto City Council in 2020.

https://www.toronto.ca/services-payments/water-environment/environmentally-friendly-city-initiatives/transformto/

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and 🍕pizza to snack on! 💧Help us be more sustainable by bringing a reusable water bottle.

+ Presenter Biography:

Tamara currently works as a Project Lead at the City of Toronto leading community engagement in climate action. She is passionate about the environment and loves working together with community leaders to make our city a better place.

Tamara has a background in environmental sciences, urban sustainability, community engagement and policy development and has worked in sustainability consulting, public and academic environmental sectors.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@LiveGreenTO

@CivicTechTO

+ Venue Sponsor:

Our venue sponsor is General Assembly Toronto!

General Assembly is a pioneer in education and career transformation, specializing in today’s most in-demand skills. The leading source for training, staffing, and career transitions, we foster a flourishing community of professionals pursuing careers they love.

https://generalassemb.ly/locations/toronto

+ Check-in details:

Head up to the 3rd floor. There will be signs to direct you to the meetup and a General Assembly staff member will be there to check you in.

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649, and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

This venue is unfortunately not wheelchair accessible. From the street to the main entrance of the building there are a number of steps. However, once you are inside there is an elevator that can take you up to the third floor. Washrooms are narrow and not wheelchair accessible.

All gender washrooms are available to us on this floor (3rd Floor). One floor down (2nd Floor) there are additional gendered washrooms.

Note to those with dog allergies, this is a dog-friendly office. However, dogs will not be present during the meetup.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Wednesday!