---
number: 218
date: 2019-11-19
topic: 100% Hacknight
speakers:
venue: "[[General Assembly, Toronto]]"
videoUrl:
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/266163613
via: in-person
booker: Kristen
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: "[[hacknight_00.jpeg]]"
---

Topic:

Tonight, we'll be jumping right into breakout groups for projects, discussion, and learning! On top of the breakout groups that community members might pitch, we'll be running the regular Civic Tech 101 orientation session.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: projects to work on, and 🍕pizza to snack on! 💧Help us be more sustainable by bringing a reusable water bottle.

+ Presenter:

None this week.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@CivicTechTO 
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Biographies:

None this week.

+ Venue Sponsor:

Our venue sponsor is General Assembly Toronto!

General Assembly is a pioneer in education and career transformation, specializing in today’s most in-demand skills. The leading source for training, staffing, and career transitions, we foster a flourishing community of professionals pursuing careers they love.

https://generalassemb.ly/locations/toronto

+ Check-in details:

Head up to the 3rd floor. There will be signs to direct you to the meetup and a General Assembly staff member will be there to check you in.

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649, and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

This venue is unfortunately not wheelchair accessible. From the street to the main entrance of the building there are a number of steps. However, once you are inside there is an elevator that can take you up to the third floor. Washrooms are narrow and not wheelchair accessible.

All gender washrooms are available to us on this floor (3rd Floor). One floor down (2nd Floor) there are additional gendered washrooms.

Note to those with dog allergies, this is a dog-friendly office. However, dogs will not be present during the meetup.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Wednesday!