---
number: 219
date: 2019-11-26
topic: Youth lead the way to a carbon free future!
speakers:
  - "[[Halyna Zalucky]]"
venue: "[[General Assembly, Toronto]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/2Z1ftXhAQic
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/265755414
via: in-person
booker: Kristen
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: |-
  Want to live more sustainably but don't know how? The Roots Collaborative can help!
  Join Halyna Zalucky, founder of The Roots Collaborative to learn how her organization trains youth to become green-home-advisors.
  Young people are eager to take action on climate change. This program gives them the skills to help others conserve energy, prevent floods, manage household waste, and limit exposure to household toxins.
  The Roots Collaborative is looking to Civic Tech Toronto to help them to develop a platform to support this work.
image: "[[hacknight_219.jpeg]]"
title: 'Hacknight #219 – Youth lead the way to a carbon free future!'
youtubeID: 2Z1ftXhAQic
---

Topic:

Want to live more sustainably but don't know how? The Roots Collaborative can help!

Join Halyna Zalucky, founder of The Roots Collaborative to learn how her organization trains youth to become green-home-advisors.

Young people are eager to take action on climate change. This program gives them the skills to help others conserve energy, prevent floods, manage household waste, and limit exposure to household toxins.

The Roots Collaborative is looking to Civic Tech Toronto to help them to develop a platform to support this work.

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and 🍕pizza to snack on! 💧Help us be more sustainable by bringing a reusable water bottle.

+ Presenter Biography:

Halyna is the founder of The Roots Collaborative, a not for profit cooperative that works with communities and businesses to promote environmental, social, economic and personal well-being. She has over 10 years of experience in sustainability management, specializing in project coordination, community engagement and partnership development.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@CivicTechTO 
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Venue Sponsor:

Our venue sponsor is General Assembly Toronto!

General Assembly is a pioneer in education and career transformation, specializing in today’s most in-demand skills. The leading source for training, staffing, and career transitions, we foster a flourishing community of professionals pursuing careers they love.

https://generalassemb.ly/locations/toronto

+ Check-in details:

Head up to the 3rd floor. There will be signs to direct you to the meetup and a General Assembly staff member will be there to check you in.

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649, and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

This venue is unfortunately not wheelchair accessible. From the street to the main entrance of the building there are a number of steps. However, once you are inside there is an elevator that can take you up to the third floor. Washrooms are narrow and not wheelchair accessible.

All gender washrooms are available to us on this floor (3rd Floor). One floor down (2nd Floor) there are additional gendered washrooms.

Note that this is a dog-friendly office. Dogs will not be present during the meetup.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Wednesday!