---
number: 229
date: 2020-02-18
topic: DGTV Pilot Discussion
description: DGTV (Digital Government Television) Pilot is produced and hosted by Re Open Gov contributors Derek Alton, Kejo Buchanan and Richard Pietro. Our goal is to create a news style series covering headlines and stories relating to Digital Government. We need your feedback and skills to propel this DGTV into its fullest potential.
speakers:
  - "[[Kejo Buchanan]]"
  - "[[Richard Pietro]]"
venue: "[[Claude T. Bissell Building - Faculty of Information]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/7VUx8h7bItQ
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/268465744
via: in-person
booker: curtis, prat
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: "hacknight_229.jpg"
title: 'Hacknight #229 – DGTV Pilot Discussion'
youtubeID: 7VUx8h7bItQ
---

Topic:

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and 🍕pizza to snack on! 💧Help us be more sustainable by bringing a reusable water bottle.

+ Presentation Details:

DGTV (Digital Government Television) Pilot is produced and hosted by Re Open Gov contributors Derek Alton, Kejo Buchanan and Richard Pietro. Our goal is to create a news style series covering headlines and stories relating to Digital Government. We need your feedback and skills to propel this DGTV into its fullest potential.

+ Presenter Biography:

Kejo Buchanan is an information professional, Open Data advocate, community radio host and online master’s student. Kejo is delighted to continue these efforts on the open data and open government conversation through local community projects such as Re:Open Gov.

Richard Pietro socializes Open Government & Open Data by creating Civic Engagement as Art. Some of his projects include the 2014 Open Government Tour, “Open” – The World’s first short film on Open Government, Open Data, and Open Source, and The Open Government Turtle: A modern fable on Open Government. Most recently the founder of Re:Open Gov.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@Re_Open_Gov @KejoBuchanan @RichardPietro @DerekAlton

+ Venue Sponsor:

University of Toronto Faculty of Information
