---
number: 232
date: 2020-03-10
topic: Designing Against Domestic Violence
description: As technology continues to become more and more embedded in our lives, technology-facilitated domestic abuse has grown as a problem. Abusers use technology to exploit and control their victims, meaning that technologists have a responsibility to ensure that users of our products are empowered to protect their safety. This talk will provide the audience with a framework for considering safety in the process of design and building technology.
speakers:
  - "[[Julie McClement]]"
venue: "[[Toronto Media Arts Centre]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/269070349
via: in-person
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: "hacknight_232.jpg"
title: 'Hacknight #232 – Designing Against Domestic Violence'
---

Topic: Designing Against Domestic Violence

As technology continues to become more and more embedded in our lives, technology-facilitated domestic abuse has grown as a problem. Abusers use technology to exploit and control their victims, meaning that technologists have a responsibility to ensure that users of our products are empowered to protect their safety. This talk will provide the audience with a framework for considering safety in the process of design and building technology.

Presenter Biography: Julie McClement works as a UX Researcher at Kira Systems. She has experience in conducting research for nonprofits, including the Ontario Coalitions of Rape Crisis Centres.

Social media: @JulieMcClement

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from, some projects to work on, and 🍕pizza to snack on! 💧Help us be more sustainable by bringing a reusable water bottle.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:

@CivicTechTO \#civictech
https://link.civictech.ca/tweet

+ Venue Sponsor:

Toronto Media Arts Centre (TMAC)

+ Check-in details:

TMAC is located at 32 Lisgar, just south of Queen near Dovercourt. The main entrance is on the North side of building, to the east of the apartment entrance.

If you run into any issues, send a message to our "doorbell" at 647-812-2649, and the organizers will get a notification.

+ Accessibility:

There is an elevator and accessible washroom on the first floor.

We can offer 2 transit tokens per participant per week to those in need of transportation support to get to hacknights. Please ask an organizer to take advantage of this. (We have a set budget for tokens, and if we’re running low, we will make every attempt to update the event description to say so.)

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:30-7: Welcome and intros
7-7:30: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:30-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!