---
number: 237
date: 2020-04-14
topic: Recap from Code for Canada Summit
speakers:
  - "[[Curtis McCord]]"
  - "[[Emily Macrae]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/269776754
via: online
booker: sarah, em
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - flag/online-only
description: |-
  Civic Tech Toronto co-organizers Curtis McCord and Emily Macrae will share learnings from Code for Canada’s first ever Summit, which brought together public servants, residents and entrepreneurs using technology and design to change people’s lives for the better.
  Find out how technology is changing policies, programs and practices within government and what that means for grassroots civic tech initiatives across the country.
title: 'Hacknight #237 – Recap from Code for Canada Summit'
---

Topic:

Civic Tech Toronto co-organizers Curtis McCord and Emily Macrae will share learnings from Code for Canada’s first ever Summit, which brought together public servants, residents and entrepreneurs using technology and design to change people’s lives for the better.

Find out how technology is changing policies, programs and practices within government and what that means for grassroots civic tech initiatives across the country.

+ Social Media Cheat Codes:


@cwm__
@emilyamacrae

+ Venue Sponsor:

Join us this week from the comfort of your own home, or wherever you are practicing social isolation, for a virtual civic tech hacknight!

+ Check-in details:

Join us via Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/337049325?pwd=bVFsSExTeHNTclE1NmpmWWRKdjlPQT09
Password: 013331
Webcams and mics optional, but encouraged!

Check in with us on the Civic Tech Toronto Slack: https://link.civictech.ca/chat.

+ Accessibility:

We're exploring ways to make our online hacknights more accessible, but at the moment we only provide video of the presentation slides and audio.

+ About Us:

Our weekly civic tech hacknights bring together designers, coders, urban planners, government staff, mappers, policy-makers, students, communications strategists, and all other Torontonians who share an interest in making Toronto more responsive, prosperous, sustainable and equitable, through design, tech, and data. (Coders are welcome, but you don’t have to be a coder to contribute!) Come and be part of it!

+ Agenda:

6:45-7: Civic Tech 101
7-7:10: Welcome and Introductions
7:10-7:40: Presentation and Q&A/discussion
7:40-9: Breakout groups (go make something!)

For more info, visit http://civictech.ca
Here's our Code of Conduct: http://civictech.ca/about-us

Hope to see you Tuesday!