---
number: 238
date: 2020-04-21
topic: Nomadic Labs
description: Luisa and Sharon (the two founders of Nomadic Labs) will be sharing their intentionally slow journey of building a digital studio and collaborating with social-good organizations to create design and technology. The talk will be in interview format - Luisa and Sharon will interview each other!
speakers:
  - "[[Luisa Ji]]"
  - "[[Sharon Kennedy]]"
venue: "[[NO_VENUE_ONLINE]]"
videoUrl:
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/269776758
via: online
booker: sarah, em
tags:
  - type/hacknight
---

Topic:

Luisa and Sharon (the two founders of Nomadic Labs) will be sharing their intentionally slow journey of building a digital studio and collaborating with social-good organizations to create design and technology. The talk will be in interview format - Luisa and Sharon will interview each other! The designer/developer duo plan to touch on the following topics:

- how diverse backgrounds and meandering career paths can bring human and social perspectives to their approaches to tech
- why we should all bring a bit of our personal lives into our work and vice versa
- insights on designing for the web while keeping our intentions in line with positive and sustained social impact

Luisa and Sharon would also like to chit chat away with everyone joining the virtual meetup on ways design and technology are empowering communities, initiatives, and organizations at various scales and enabling them to support each other’s work under the effects of the pandemic lockdown. How do we ensure that this work and all the good intentions going into it are not lost in the “new normal”?

Come help us chip away at civic problems by combining technology with the power of our community. We've got everything you need for a perfect Tuesday night: a presentation to learn from and some projects to work on.

Presenter Biography:

Luisa Ji is one of the two founders of Nomadic Labs, a digital studio working with social impact organizations, developing strategy and digital tools that enable people to manifest their purposes and build communities. Luisa has a background in architecture (M.ARCH) and a keen eye on identifying opportunities for bridging the digital with the physical spaces. Her work is entangled with organizations and entrepreneurs who imagine futures that are abundant, collaborative, and convivial, including the Design Futures Initiative (San Francisco) and UKAI Project

Sharon Kennedy is a multi-disciplinary software developer with experience in full-stack web development, web design, graphic design, online communications, and project management.

She is passionate about achieving meaningful impact with technology, which has taken her career on interesting turns from a UN agency in Dakar to a tech startup in Barcelona to a health tech company in Toronto. She's now happily a partner of Nomadic Labs, working with inspiring clients from around the world.

Social Media Cheat Codes:


@Codeandcanoes
@Nomadic_Labs
