---
number: 252
date: 2020-07-28
topic: The Federal response to COVID-19
description: The COVID-19 Pandemic has accelerated Digital Service Delivery in all sectors, in ways we couldn’t have imagined just a few months ago. This accelerated digital transformation has reinforced the need for government to provide secure, reliable and easy to use digital services for its citizens. Minister Murray will talk about the federal response to COVID-19 and her role to transform the federal government’s crisis driven digital response to better serve Canadians and ensure the federal government is working towards digital solutions and services that Canadians will trust and use.
speakers:
  - "[[Joyce Murray]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/4DZhfyjjShc
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/271752813
via: online
booker: sarah, laura
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - flag/online-only
image: "hacknight_252.jpeg"
title: 'Hacknight #252 – The Federal response to COVID-19'
youtubeID: 4DZhfyjjShc
---

Topic:

The COVID-19 Pandemic has accelerated Digital Service Delivery in all sectors, in ways we couldn’t have imagined just a few months ago. This accelerated digital transformation has reinforced the need for government to provide secure, reliable and easy to use digital services for its citizens. Minister Murray will talk about the federal response to COVID-19 and her role to transform the federal government’s crisis driven digital response to better serve Canadians and ensure the federal government is working towards digital solutions and services that Canadians will trust and use.

Social media handle: @JoyceMurray on Twitter

Biography:

Following a highly successful 25-year career building an international reforestation company and four years in the provincial cabinet of the B.C. Liberal government, the Honourable Joyce Murray was appointed the Minister of Digital Government on November 20, 2019.

The Member of Parliament for Vancouver Quadra since 2008, Joyce served as the Parliamentary Secretary to the President of the Treasury Board following the 2015 general election, where she championed and helped lead the development of the Centre for Greening Government. Making federal government operations more environmentally friendly and efficient was a natural project for Joyce, whose entrepreneurial spirit was reinforced by building a company that has planted almost 1.5 billion trees – more than 500,000 of which she planted herself.

She received the Simon Fraser University Dean’s Medal as the top MBA graduate in 1992, was the chair of the board at Brinkman and Associates Reforestation, and served as British Columbia’s Environment Minister and Minister of Management Services in Gordon Campbell’s cabinet from 2001-2005.

Joyce Murray has always been a thought-leader, driving progressive new policies in government. Whether advocating for strong, smart environmental measures or being an early advocate of the legalization and regulation of cannabis, Joyce’s ability to envision and deliver on bold new ideas comes from her depth of experience in politics and business.

She is passionate about investing in a fairer, greener economy that empowers future generations, and confident that digital innovation will offer important opportunities for improving services to Canadians.
