---
number: 299
date: 2021-07-06
topic: Empowering students to empower NPOs
description: Blueprint’s mission is to provide tech solutions for NPOs pro-bono. We will be taking you through two projects that our students have worked on Richmond Centre for Disability and the Shoe Project. We will discuss the problem space, scoping, the design and development process, challenges faced, and post-project learnings of what makes a successful non-profit technical solution! https://uwblueprint.org/
speakers:
  - "[[Jennifer Chen]]"
  - "[[Jessica Lui]]"
  - "[[Hanlin Cheng]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/KTNPcuxS218
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/277427022
via: online
booker: Jennifer
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - flag/online-only
image: "[[hacknight_299.jpeg]]"
title: 'Hacknight #299 – Empowering students to empower NPOs'
---

Topic:
Blueprint’s mission is to provide tech solutions for NPOs pro-bono. We will be taking you through two projects that our students have worked on Richmond Centre for Disability and the Shoe Project. We will discuss the problem space, scoping, the design and development process, challenges faced, and post-project learnings of what makes a successful non-profit technical solution!

Find them online:
https://uwblueprint.org/
https://twitter.com/uwblueprint

+ Speakers:
Jennifer is an incoming 2nd year co-op student studying Biomedical Engineering at the University of Waterloo and is working at TD Innovation Lab as a software developer intern this summer. On Blueprint, she was the former VP Outreach and is now a project developer working with Richmond Centre for Disability to digitize their accessible parking permit administration. Feel free to connect with her on LinkedIn.

Jessica is a software engineering student wrapping up her second year at UW. She’s passionate about leveraging engineering principles to make a social impact. Her experiences as a president, vp scoping, and a developer on blueprint has changed her perspective of how and why technology products are created. Feel free to chat with her at hello@jessicalui.me about topics ranging from data, computer vision, full stack, UX, product management, and social enterprise!

Hanlin is a second year systems design engineering student at the University of Waterloo! By day she is developing her skills as a software developer intern and is interested in learning more about how sustainable technology projects can drive more enriching communities. By night, she helps out Blueprint with development initiatives and scoping out new non-profit partnerships. Drop a hello on Twitter! She’s always happy to meet civic tech folks
