---
number: 346
date: 2022-06-14
topic: Community Solutions Network 3.0
description: To support the effective use of data and technology at the local level in Canada, Open North is launching three new Communities of Practice. These communities are composed of civil servants and Indigenous leaders from towns, cities, or regions all across Canada. Over the course of several months, groups will complete a specific initiative focused on using data and technology for the common good.
speakers:
  - "[[Tom Linder]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/1sTh8bPZXWM
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/286145674
via: online
booker: Gabe
tags:
  - type/hacknight
title: "Hacknight #346 – Community Solutions Network 3.0"
youtubeID: 1sTh8bPZXWM
redirect_from: /2022/06/14/hacknight-346-community-solutions-network-3-0-with-tom-linder/
notes: online-only
---

Topic:
OpenNorth launches Community Solutions Network 3.0

To support the effective use of data and technology at the local level in Canada, Open North is launching three new Communities of Practice. These communities are composed of civil servants and Indigenous leaders from towns, cities, or regions all across Canada. Over the course of several months, groups will complete a specific initiative focused on using data and technology for the common good.

Speakers:

Thomas Linder is the Coordinator for Knowledge and Insight Development at Open North. His work involves developing and aligning research projects, conducting cross-project analysis to identify insights and trends, and building innovative knowledge sharing and translation products for in-house and external capacity building and learning.
Thomas received his PhD in sociology from Queen’s University. His doctoral research was on the societal impacts of emerging digital technologies, particularly with regards to digital surveillance and policing. He received a Master’s Degree in philosophy and political science from the University of Zurich with a thesis on the geopolitical dimensions of corporate and national security surveillance.
He is passionate about rethinking smart city strategies to build alternative political and economic systems that empower communities and embed equity and sustainability from the start.
