---
number: 356
date: 2022-08-23
topic: Measuring urban noise
description: Join Dr. Tor Oiamo and Ingrid Buday to learn more about a project to study noise levels that we live with, both inside and outside of our dwellings. Born out of a previous hacknight, we will describe the project of distributing 50 noisemeters through the city, letting people know how they can get involved in this innovative Civic Science project in conjunction with a Professor who is a noise expert and advocate for noise mitigation.
speakers:
  - "[[Ingrid Buday]]"
  - "[[Dr. Tor Oiamo]]"
venue: "[[NO_VENUE_ONLINE]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/W8KPvD_I4Rc
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/287004806
via: online
booker: Gabe
tags:
  - type/hacknight
image: "[[hacknight_356.jpeg]]"
---

Topic:
Join Dr. Tor Oiamo and Ingrid Buday to learn more about a project to study noise levels that we live with, both inside and outside of our dwellings. Born out of a previous hacknight, we will describe the project of distributing 50 noisemeters through the city, letting people know how they can get involved in this innovative Civic Science project in conjunction with a Professor who is a noise expert and advocate for noise mitigation.

Speakers:

Dr. Tor Oiamo is an Associate Professor in the Department of Geography and Environmental Studies at Toronto Metropolitan University. Current research in environmental health geography focuses on exposure assessment through the development of environmental models of noise and air quality, novel population exposure metrics, and simulation systems for health impact assessment with a focused view towards urban change.

Ingrid Buday, who has a background in HR, IT and (is learning) GIS, works with community and advocacy groups to educate, engage and motivate people to help build safe streets, complete communities and a better quality of life. Recently, she has focused on noise, collecting 1,000s of hours of data, deputing before City Council on her findings and creating a [Not 311 Noise Complaint App](https://arcg.is/jbTnj0), so people can log their noise complaints.