---
number: 361
date: 2022-09-27
topic: "DiscoTech: Discussing Technology in our City"
speakers:
  - "[[Michel Mersereau]]"
  - "[[Hamish Goodwin]]"
  - "[[Nabeel Ahmed]]"
  - "[[Alex Lougheed]]"
venue: "[[Metro Hall]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/sJ4eUx8RoK4
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/288339464
via: online
booker: Gabe
tags:
  - type/hacknight
description: This is the first in a new discussion series on technology in our city, with City staff who work in technology services. Staff share an overview of some of City Council’s priorities and facilitate an open-ended discussion afterwards.
image: "[[hacknight_361.jpeg]]"
---

Topic:
**DiscoTech: Discussing Technology in our City**

This is the first in a new discussion series on technology in our city, with City staff who work in technology services. Staff share an overview of some of City Council’s priorities and facilitate an open-ended discussion afterwards.

* Speakers:

Members of the City of Toronto’s Connected Community’s team:

* Nabeel Ahmed (he/him) is a Management Consultant in the Technology Services Division at the City of Toronto. His work focuses on the City's Digital Infrastructure Strategic Framework and initiatives to advance data governance at the City.
* Hamish Goodwin (he/him) is a Registered Professional Planner with expertise in public policy at the intersection of Intelligent Communities, Urban Planning, and Municipal Regulation.
* Alex Lougheed (he/him). Alex is a technology and digital government advisor. Prior to joining the City, he worked for the Ontario government where he helped found their digital government and digital innovation unit initiatives.
* Michel Mersereau (he/him). Michel’s work focuses on the role of the internet in facilitating the delivery of public and essential services, and the broader civic policy implications emerging from social-technological interdependencies. He’s also a sessional instructor at the University of Toronto’s iSchool.
