---
number: 366
date: 2022-11-01
topic: Tales from the Toronto Star transportation beat
description: On Nov. 1, we kick things off with Lex Harvey, transportation reporter for the Toronto Star. She'll be discussing her beat — including traffic, public transit and road safety — diving in to her favourite stories from the past year, and brainstorming what she's planning next.
speakers:
  - "[[Alexandra (Lex) Harvey]]"
venue: "[[Toronto City Hall, Civic Innovation Office]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/JmyQH5t5qiY
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/289357961
via: hybrid
booker: Luke
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/transportation
image: "[[hacknight_366.jpeg]]"
---
Topic: Tales from the Toronto Star transportation beat

For the month of November 2022, Civic Tech Toronto is focusing on the theme of transportation. We've invited technologists, advocates, journalists and public servants to share their perspectives on what it's like to move through Canada's largest city.

On Nov. 1, we kick things off with **Lex Harvey**, transportation reporter for the Toronto Star. She'll be discussing her beat — including traffic, public transit and road safety — diving in to her favourite stories from the past year, and brainstorming what she's planning next.

**Join us in person**:

We're in the Civic Innovation Office at City Hall (100 Queen St W). Enter through the main doors and turn right at the rotunda. Our in-person venue is limited to 25 people, and we encourage all attendees to wear a mask.

Speakers:

Lex Harvey is the transportation reporter for the Toronto Star, where she writes about the ways in which Torontonians get around, and how that's changing with pandemic work/life shifts and the growing urgency of climate change. Before that, she covered politics and national news, and before THAT, she woke up bright and early at 4 a.m. for two years to write the Star's flagship morning newsletter, First Up. Outside of work, catch her running, knitting, or planning her next adventure.
