---
number: 368
date: 2022-11-15
topic: Toronto Transportation Services
speakers:
  - "[[Maddy Ewins]]"
  - "[[David McElroy]]"
venue: "[[Toronto City Hall, Civic Innovation Office]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/E8KIFReKnJQ
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/289358517
via: hybrid
booker: Luke
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/transportation
image: "[[hacknight_368.jpeg]]"
title: 'Hacknight #368 – Toronto Transportation Services'
youtubeID: E8KIFReKnJQ
---

Topic: **Toronto Transportation Services**

For the month of November 2022, Civic Tech Toronto is focusing on the theme of transportation. We've invited technologists, advocates, journalists and public servants to share their perspectives on what it's like to move through Canada's largest city.

On Nov. 15, we'll be joined by **Maddy Ewins** and **David McElroy** from Toronto Transportation Services. They'll discuss the City's MOVE product, and what's next for their team.

**Join us in person**:

* We're in the Civic Innovation Office at City Hall (100 Queen St W). Enter through the main doors and turn right at the rotunda. Our in-person venue is limited to 25 people and we encourage all attendees to wear masks.

Speakers:

* Maddy Ewins is a senior product manager with the City of Toronto's Transportation Data and Analytics Unit. She is currently working to connect City staff with the transportation data they need through MOVE (an internal data platform that houses traffic volume and collision data). She was a 2019 Code for Canada Fellow, and previously worked in the Bay Area.
* David McElroy joined the Transportation Services Division at the City of Toronto in 2021 as the team lead for Data Collection in the Data and Analytics Unit. He has 14 years of experience as a transportation planner working in the areas of travel demand modelling, transportation and travel survey data collection and analysis, regional planning, and rail project planning. Prior to joining the City, he worked at Metrolinx, where he was part of the team responsible for delivering the 2041 Regional Transportation Plan.
