---
title: "Hacknight #369 – Where's my bus?"
number: 369
date: 2022-11-22
topic: Where's my bus?
description: |-
  For the month of November 2022, Civic Tech Toronto is focusing on the theme of transportation. We've invited technologists, advocates, journalists and public servants to share their perspectives on what it's like to move through Canada's largest city.
  On Nov. 22, we'll be joined by members of [TTCriders](https://www.ttcriders.ca/), a grassroots transit advocacy organization that gives TTC riders a voice. They will discuss their recent campaigns and civic activism, such as the installation of a pop-up bus lane on Dufferin Street and their efforts to secure fair replacement service when the Scarborough RT closes in 2023 (seven years before a subway extension is due to replace it). They'll also share challenges and ideas for working with TTC data for advocacy, from visualizing bus bunching to tracking TTC Board meetings.
speakers:
  - "[[David Cho]]"
  - "[[Adam Cohoon]]"
  - "[[Shelagh Pizey-Allen]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/289358599
venue: "[[Toronto City Hall]]"
via: hybrid
booker: Luke
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/transportation
image: hacknight_369.jpg
notes: original venue - Toronto City Hall, Civic Innovation Office
redirect_from: /2022/11/22/hacknight-369-wheres-my-bus-with-david-cho-adam-cohoon-and-shelagh-pizey-allen/
---
Topic: Where's my bus?

For the month of November 2022, Civic Tech Toronto is focusing on the theme of transportation. We've invited technologists, advocates, journalists and public servants to share their perspectives on what it's like to move through Canada's largest city.

On Nov. 22, we'll be joined by members of **[TTCriders](https://www.ttcriders.ca/)**, a grassroots transit advocacy organization that gives TTC riders a voice. They will discuss their recent campaigns and civic activism, such as the installation of a pop-up bus lane on Dufferin Street and their efforts to secure fair replacement service when the Scarborough RT closes in 2023 (seven years before a subway extension is due to replace it). They'll also share challenges and ideas for working with TTC data for advocacy, from visualizing bus bunching to tracking TTC Board meetings.

**Join us in person**:

* We're in the Civic Innovation Office at City Hall (100 Queen St W). Enter through the main doors and turn right at the rotunda. Our in-person venue is limited to 25 people and we encourage all attendees to wear masks.

Speakers:

* Adam Cohoon is a person with a disability who uses a wheelchair, he has spastic CP and that is what makes using the subway hard for him. He is an advocate with TTCriders and is also a core organizer at CivicTechTO. He closely tracks decisions and reports at the TTC Board. He is a former ACAT member (Advisory Committee on Accessible Transit).
* Shelagh Pizey-Allen coordinates TTCriders, a membership-based group that takes collective action for better transit. She campaigns for fully accessible, frequent, dignified public transit that connects all Toronto neighbourhoods.
* David Cho is a third-year student at the University of Toronto studying immunology and molecular biology. A transit enthusiast in childhood, he is now a regular transit user and ardent believer in the benefits of reliable public transit. He volunteers with TTCriders, which helps him fulfill his passions of advocacy and education.