---
number: 432
date: 2024-02-27
topic: Urban Air Quality Monitoring
description: Continuing our Climate Theme Month, we are excited to host Junshi Xu, who will share his insights on air quality monitoring in Toronto. Junshi's talk will focus on his research, the application of machine learning in predicting climate impacts, and the broader implications for urban environments.
speakers:
  - "[[Junshi Xu]]"
venue: "[[BrainStation]]"
videoUrl: https://youtu.be/AqfWRjTbH2k
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/298868190
via: hybrid
booker: Alex Olson
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/climate-change
image: "[[hacknight_432.jpeg]]"
title: 'Hacknight #432 – Urban Air Quality Monitoring'
youtubeID: AqfWRjTbH2k
---

**\*\*This is the in-person registration for this event. To attend virtually, please RSVP [here](https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/298868203/).**

**Topic:** Urban Air Quality Monitoring
Continuing our Climate Theme Month, we are excited to host Junshi Xu, who will share his insights on air quality monitoring in Toronto. Junshi's talk will focus on his research, the application of machine learning in predicting climate impacts, and the broader implications for urban environments.

**Speaker:** Junshi Xu - As the Director for Positive Zero Transport Futures, Junshi is an authority in sustainability and urban mobility, particularly in transport decarbonization to mitigate climate change. His expertise encompasses air quality assessment, GHG inventory estimation, and Scope 3 emissions analysis. Junshi has a strong background in civil and chemical engineering, urban planning, and public health, and has been instrumental in mentoring students and leading projects in urban mobility decarbonization. His achievements include advising on electric vehicle implementation and developing tools for eco-driving evaluation and fleet energy simulation. As a candidate for the CFA ESG Certificate, Junshi's commitment to low-carbon strategies and stakeholder engagement is evident in his impactful work.

**Location:** Brainstation Toronto, 482 Front Street W, 2nd Floor (The Well)
