---
number: 446
date: 2024-06-04
topic: Opening silos! Innovation through the Urban Data Platform Hamburg
description: |-
  Discover the Urban Data Platform Hamburg (UDP_HH) at the upcoming Civic Tech Event in Toronto! Take a journey through our initiative that aims to transform Hamburg and drive innovation through data. Discover how the UDP_HH, with its architecture and diverse data sources, offers a holistic view of the city and is already improving the lives of citizens. Experience concrete application examples, discuss technologies and challenges and gain insights into the future of UDP_HH - a future in which cities will become even more livable, sustainable and innovative.
  Hamburg is visiting Toronto as part of the study visit and exchange with the City of Toronto.
speakers:
  - "[[Dr. Pierre Gras]]"
  - "[[Hannah Reinicke]]"
venue: "[[Myhal Centre for Engineering and Entrepreneurship]]"
eventUrl: https://www.meetup.com/civic-tech-toronto/events/300633049
via: hybrid
booker: Alex Olson
tags:
  - type/hacknight
  - topic/data
  - topic/open-data
image: hacknight_446.jpg
title: "Hacknight #446 – Opening silos! Innovation through the Urban Data Platform Hamburg"
youtubeID: lij0rJZJnQo
redirect_from:
  - /2024/06/04/hacknight-446-opening-silos-innovation-through-the-urban-data-platform-hamburg-with-dr-pierre-gras-hannah-reinicke/
  - /hacknights/446/
---
**Topic:** Opening silos! Innovation through the Urban Data Platform Hamburg

Discover the Urban Data Platform Hamburg (UDP_HH) at the upcoming Civic Tech Event in Toronto! Take a journey through our initiative that aims to transform Hamburg and drive innovation through data. Discover how the UDP_HH, with its architecture and diverse data sources, offers a holistic view of the city and is already improving the lives of citizens. Experience concrete application examples, discuss technologies and challenges and gain insights into the future of UDP_HH - a future in which cities will become even more livable, sustainable and innovative.

Hamburg is visiting Toronto as part of the study visit and exchange with the City of Toronto.

**Speakers:** Dr Pierre Gras and Hannah Reinicke

Pierre Gras is passionate about data-driven innovation, easy access to information and advanced analytics. He heads the Urban Data Hub at the Agency for Geoinformation and Surveying of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg. He and his colleagues work and advise in the areas of urban data management, data activation, standardization, data science and advanced analytics. The department supports a wide range of innovation and digitalization projects within the city and on a national and international level.

Building bridges between digitalization, project management, and New Work is Hannah Reinicke's focus and drive in the Project Management Office (PMO) of the State Agency for Geoinformation and Surveying of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, where she serves as Deputy Head. In the PMO, she monitors all digitalization projects within the agency, advises and connects teams on innovative digital initiatives and funding opportunities. Additionally, the PMO ensures the seamless implementation of the Agency’s Digital Strategy, which she co-developed with her team. As a workshop professional, she fosters collaboration and drives new and transformative digital projects forward.

**Join us in person**:

We're meeting at UofT's Myhal Centre, at 55 St George Street. We'll be in room 380. There will be signs!
